# Systems — Open Worlds, Endgame, Companions & Modular Equipment
FORMAT: Each ## is a game system or location. Content covers Trading, Incarnon, Open Worlds, Steel Path, Arbitrations, Eidolons, Liches, companion breeds, and modular weapons (Amps, Zaws, Kitguns, K-Drives, Necramechs).
INDEX: Wiki — Open Worlds & Landscapes (11 entries) | Wiki — Game Systems (15 entries) | Wiki — Endgame Activities (9 entries) | Wiki — Companion Types (3 entries) | Wiki — Modular Equipment (5 entries)

# Wiki — Open Worlds & Landscapes
Detailed guides for open world areas from the Warframe wiki.

## Plains of Eidolon
Plains of Eidolon Fragment
Gara Legend on the death of the Sentient
The Plains of Eidolon is an expansive, open Landscape connected to Cetus, an Ostron settlement located on Earth. In the shadow of the Orokin Tower of the Unum lies an ancient battlefield, where an enormous Sentient was defeated during the Old War by Gara. The Grineer have set up numerous outposts and bases to study and mine the ruins in the area, observing and patrolling the plains for any threat to their operations.
This open zone was introduced October 12th, 2017 in Update Plains of Eidolon and was remastered on April 4th, 2019 in Update 24.6.
General
The Plains of Eidolon has an area of about 5 square kilometers (2.25km x 2.25km), featuring various fields, hills, caves, and bodies of water in a mostly temperate climate. Unlike other mission nodes, the Plains of Eidolon is not procedurally generated using Tiles, but is instead a massive static map with unique features.
The Plains are accessible through two different mission nodes on the Star Chart, both nodes are on Earth. The first is the central hub of the Plains - Cetus, Earth - where the player will spawn on the shores outside of town. The second mission node will spawn the player directly in front of the gate that connects Cetus to the Plains. Both nodes will be unlocked directly after completing Vor's Prize and are not Mastery Rank locked.
Each server instance of Cetus can hold up to 50 players within the town, however, players can only exit onto the plains in the standard 2-4 man squads or Solo. Each map is considered its own separate mission instance, and will not be shared between squads. Entering into the Plains from either Cetus or directly from the Star Chart will create a new mission instance of the Plains, with procedural generation applying to objects like resource spawn locations and mineral veins.
Progress on the plains is saved under the following conditions:
Upon returning to Cetus through the gates at any point, with the mission concluding and all progress saved.
On returning to the player's Orbiter via the escape menu.
All progress is automatically saved on completing Bounties.
Fishing, Mining, or using consumables results in a specific save of that content (fish caught, minerals extracted, consumables used).
Interactive Map
(for the map on its own page, click here)
Main Features
Day & Night Cycle
The Plains of Eidolon feature a real-time cycle which sees the map seamlessly transition from light to darkness. Daytime in the Plains lasts for 100 minutes, while nighttime lasts only 50 minutes. All players will experience the same time of day at any particular time in the Plains of Eidolon.
The time of day determines the type of enemies as well as the type of fish that players can encounter on the fields, and consequently affect the map's difficulty level. While the day cycle is more directed towards new players, the night cycle is reserved for more experienced players, with the more difficult enemies of the Sentient faction.
Weather
Occasionally, the Plains of Eidolon can experience rainy weather, ranging from soft drizzles to thunderstorms. During rainy periods, Grineer enemies in the Plains will experience reduced visibility and fish have a higher chance of spawning in bodies of water.
Other weather effects present in the Plains include varying strengths of wind, which can act on objects like trees, grass, and even Syandanas; lightning; rolling thunder; moving cloud formations; and ground fog.
Spear Fishing
The Plains of Eidolon feature large bodies of water, which house a wide variety of aquatic life. Players can engage in spearfishing to catch various fish and crustaceans, which can then be used as resources to craft various Ostron items or gifted to Fisher Hai-Luk to increase standing with the Ostron faction.
Mining
Another means of getting resources in the plains is through mining; players can find mineral veins, visible as bright glowing marks, scattered throughout the landscape, which can then be mined with a dedicated cutting tool.
Ores and Gems are used in a variety of crafting recipes, and uncut gems can also be traded in to Old Man Suumbaat to increase standing with the Ostron faction.
One particularly rich location is the cave system at Mount Nang to the north, entered via the base at the top of the hill, with a large quantity of red and blue veins.
Hunting & Conservation
The Plains currently features four indigenous species of wildlife that roam around the field, the Kuaka, a small rodent-like creature, the Mergoo, a water bird strange in appearance, the Condroc, a large bird-of-prey, and the Vasca Kavat, a blood-sucking Kavat species.
These Kuakas and Condrocs can be hunted and killed to drop resources unique to said animals.
Each animal has three variations of varying rarity.
They can also be shot with a Tranq Rifle and collected to obtain tags and standing.
Farming the rarest animal tags is best done using the Conservation activity rather than targeting random animal spawns.
Tags are used to purchase floofs, miniature stuffed animals, from Master Teasonai, who is in charge of Plains Conservation.
Bounties
thumb|right|Locations of bounty consoles
Bounties are randomly generated quests in which the player completes a series of short objectives from Konzu. Upon completion of each mission in the bounty, the player will randomly receive a reward from the bounty reward pool.
Radio Consoles appear in various tents outside Cetus patching the player to Konzu to continue to provide bounties, allowing players to embark on a new bounty without needing to return to Cetus.
Some consoles offer the same bounties that are offered by Konzu in Cetus.
Some offer a new set of bounties that are different than the ones offered by Konzu in Cetus and his Cetus-aligned tents.
These will be of the same tier as the bounty just completed, or Tier 1 if a bounty was not previously completed.
Cetus bounty console: north-east of the Cetus door, south of Hillside Ruin, north of Seaside Ruin, north of The Ribs
Alternate bounty console: south and south-west of Hek's Stiletto, a camp south of Twin Horns, west of Renthi Spring, north-east of Gara Toht Lake.
Plains of Eidolon/Rewards
Blinkpad
Blinkpads are a form of teleportational fast travel across the Plains of Eidolon, placed in set locations. They can be accessed from directly interacting with one or by opening the map and selecting the blinkpad.
If the player is in Archwing, they will automatically dismount after teleporting to a blinkpad.
Caves
thumbnail|300px|A large cave network.
The Plains of Eidolon have several caves which players can enter, which can contain items of interest such as minerals or Codex objects. Many of these caves are small spaces that can have multiple openings that players can go through to access the cave.
Certain caves in the Plains however have closed Grineer doors inside of them, which act as the only entrance to the cave proper.
The majority of these sealed-off caves can only be accessed upon the game creating a Bounty objective that takes place within said caves, at which point the door lights become green, indicating they can open.
Unlike the smaller caves, these caves open up into massive, expansive caverns, and even lead into outdoor locations outside of the Plains' boundaries.
Of these large caves, only the cave located by the geyser pond near Cetus can be accessed by players without the need to activate a Bounty.
Caves that have been discovered by players will be permanently marked on the minimap by a white jagged triangular symbol.
Enemies
Grineer
thumb|right|Tusk Mortar Bombard
The Grineer, comprised of the special Tusk Corps, are the primary enemy faction in Plains of Eidolon during the daytime and can be found in either small patrol groups roaming the plains, or stationed at one of several outposts and firebases they have set up in the area.
The Grineer firebases are heavily fortified with various defenses, including Ramparts and automated heavy defense turrets.
For added firepower, these firebases are also capable of using mortars that lob high explosive shells at long range towards their targets.
These Grineer units are unique as Eximus variants can possess the Venomous and Shock versions, normally only used by the Infested, Corpus and Grineer Archwing enemies respectively.
They also use special Heat and Cold grenades not used by other Grineer units in the system.
The Grineer units can spawn at the Plains in different ways, either via Firbolg dropships or descending from orbital drop pods.
They can also be deployed from Bolkor gunships, which are armed with rotary cannons for close air support.
All the aircraft on the Plains are vulnerable to attacks and can be destroyed before they deploy the units they transport.
If a sufficiently large patrol is engaged in combat, the Grineer units will deploy Tusk Seeker Drones that will signal for reinforcements, which then will proceed to spawn via the aforementioned options.
The drones will continue to call in additional enemies unless they are destroyed.
The Grineer can also field airborne units such as Dargyn skiffs and Ogma bombers to patrol the plains and attack from the air. Once these air units are defeated, the ejected Dargyn Pilot may drop to the ground. The Dargyns can also be found parked near Grineer encampments and can be hijacked if the pilots are eliminated or beaten to the vehicles.
thumb|left|Tusk Thumper
In addition to the air artillery, the Grineer have Tusk Thumper grounded mobile platforms. These quadrupedal tank-like units, in addition to cannon fire and automated turrets, are surprisingly agile for its size and uses its legs to jump and slam down or charge forward rapidly. It also uses its pneumatic ground pounder on its underside to create consecutive shockwaves. Its carapace is impervious to all forms of attack except for the weakspots on each of its legs.
thumb|right|Ghoul Rictus
Supporting the Tusk units are the Ghouls, consisting of heavily malformed Grineer that lie in wait beneath the ground for an ambush.
When confronted, they burst out of the ground and unleash their animalistic instincts, savagely attacking anyone who dares trespass their territory.
These units have uncanny and unconventional abilities, including drills that allow rapid movement through the ground, suicide bombers, giant chainsaws that can be ejected and literally be ridden on, and wrist-mounted grappling hooks.
When killed, their blood releases Cold Toxin cloud that paralyzes and renders the enemy ever more vulnerable to Ghoul assaults.
During nighttime, the Grineer will retreat to the safety of their outposts, reducing the number of Grineer that can be encountered on the field during that period, though in turn raising the difficulty of a nocturnal assault on a base. Eidolon Lures will be deployed around the encampments, as the Grineer are hostile towards the Sentient and will attack if they encounter them, even the massive Teralysts.
Sentient
thumb|right|Eidolon Teralyst
During the Old War, a major battle against the Sentient took place on the Plains. The Sentient was defeated, scattering its fragments all over the area, resulting in the existence of the ghostly Spectral Sentients, also known as Eidolons. These are absent during the day cycle and show up only at night, increasing the difficulty of the Plains.
thumb|left|x100px|Eidolon Vomvalyst
The main Sentient threats on the Plains during the nighttime are the Eidolon Teralysts, gigantic Sentient units equipped with powerful weapons and formidable defenses.
Taking down a Teralyst is no small feat, requiring concentrated firepower from Operators and their Warframes.
A full squad is recommended for this fight, though it is also possible - though extremely difficult - to defeat a Teralyst solo.
Also roaming the plains at night are the smaller Eidolon Vomvalysts.
Should a Vomvalyst be reduced to zero health it will shed its outer armor and turn into a glowing spectral form, complete with a fresh pool of health impervious to weapons fire but vulnerable to an Operator's Void powers.
Eidolon Lures will absorb Vomvalyst sentients after the outer shell is destroyed, relieving the requirement of an Operator to destroy them.
Additionally, in the middle of the Gara Toht Lake there is an Ostron altar dedicated to the Eidolons. When players offer their Brilliant or Radiant Eidolon Shards to this altar, they can summon the even more powerful Eidolon Gantulyst and Eidolon Hydrolyst.
Minor Features
Ammo Dispensers
thumbnail|200px|An ammo dispenser.
Several Grineer outposts in the Plains house Ammo Dispenser units, visible as green containers with a white holographic display at the front and a floating green holographic bundle of ammunition on top.
Interacting with these dispensers (default X) will make them drop ammunition for all weapon types, which can then be collected by players.
The dispensers have a 3:20 minute cooldown time, during which the dispenser cannot be used until its cooldown has elapsed.
During this phase, the white display at the front will show the time remaining on the cooldown, and the holographic ammo bundle will change color from green to red.
Armored Vaults
thumbnail|200px|An armored vault.
Grineer outposts and bases in the area can have Armored Vaults on them, seen as large orange and green tracked carriages with control consoles on them. These Armored Vaults can be opened up to by interacting with the control console, giving a small amount of resources, and sometimes they will have a single Storage Container inside that can be broken for more drops. Armored Vaults are also used as the objective in Resource Theft Bounties.
Control Towers
Some Grineer outposts on the Plains have green communication towers with control consoles on them, which nearby Grineer can activate to call in reinforcements. Players can hack these towers to deactivate them, which will also deactivate any hostile turrets within the outpost. These towers could also occasionally be heard broadcasting Grineer propaganda from Councillor Vay Hek, as a prelude to Operation: Plague Star.
Grineer Excavation
The Grineer encampment near the Hillside Ruin (marked as #3 on the map) in the Southeastern part of the Plains is host to an archaeological excavation setup that can be interacted with.
Inside the circular command tent, a holographic map of the immediate area can be found.
Activating the switch next to the map will highlight one of three possible locations with a glowing dot on the map, and will deploy an automated mining explosive (similar to a Dreg) from the tent to that location.
When it reaches its target, the explosive drone will detonate, revealing fossilized Sentient wreckage and some random assorted resources or Credits.
Note that the explosive drone can be destroyed while it is docked inside the tent or as it travels towards its destination, and the system will become unusable if all the available drones are destroyed.
Magnetized Water
At night, bodies of water on the Plains will become energized with Sentient energy, which will inflict a Magnetic proc on any unit that touches it, temporarily reducing maximum shields and removing 100 Energy. Only Revenant can bypass the proc unharmed.
Geyser
A small lake near the Twin Horns (west of the entrance to Cetus) has a small geyser at the center, which blows a powerful jet of steam upwards when units step on it, launching them upwards.
Thousand-Year Fish Statuettes
Thousand-Year Fish statuettes are small, glass statues scattered throughout hidden locations in the Plains. These can be scanned into the Codex to give in-depth lore about Cetus and the Plains.
**Notes:**
thumbnail|250px|The Arsenal on Cetus
The Arsenal can be accessed from anywhere in Cetus via the Main Menu, then selecting Equipment → Arsenal. This allows switching of loadouts in Cetus without needing to return to the Orbiter.
The Mods segment can also be accessed through Equipment → Mods, allowing players to manage their Mods from Cetus.
The accessibility of the closed large Grineerr caves on the Plains is determined upon the creation of a Bounty created within a particular map instance. Caves made accessible by Bounties will remain open even if the player fails any bounty phase before reaching them, however, exiting the Plains will close said caves.
It appears that you cannot use the Archwing Launcher when you are outside of the border shield.
The Cetus that you can see from the Plains of Eidolon is all visual, and if you can get there you can walk through all the buildings.
The balloons in the sky are 2D images that face you when you move.
**Trivia:**
Judging by the location depicted in the Star Map, Cetus's specific location seems to be in Kazakhstan, somewhere off the northern coast of the Caspian Sea. Although it cannot be assumed nature would be the same given Warframe's timeframe, some of the Plains of Eidolon geography and biology, most notably its vegetation, seems to corroborate that inference.
x461Vu2xZ7A
Annotated Map
400px|center

Plains of Eidolon Maps [COMPLETE] (All Landmarks, Resources, Fishing, Mining) - Forum post by Kio-reki
25.8.1

## Cetus
Cetus (formerly known as Karifamil) is an Ostron-built village market, located to the north of Mantle, Earth. A humble settlement, located in the south region of the Plains of Eidolon, they are guided by a secretive order named The Quills, loyal to the ever-mysterious Unum, who constantly watches over the plains keeping her people safe from Grineer aggression.
Entering Cetus requires completion of The Teacher quest.
As a city hub, players can interact with various NPCs to purchase items from shops, or accept quests or bounties to be completed out in the plains. Players can enter the plains via a large Orokin door on the town's outer wall, leading to a large room that has another door that leads to the plains beyond. The room acts as a loading screen, and players will be unable to exit out the other end until the loading is complete.
Lore & History
Tale of the Woman of the Earth and the Husband of the Sea
thumb|Thousand-Year Fish Statuette - A glass carving depicting the colossal Thousand-Year Fish of Ostron legend.
After the fall of the Orokin Empire, long before the arrival of the Tenno, the great Ostron clade-families were scattered throughout the Origin System. During this time, two young people were in love, a woman named Er-Phryah, and a man named Mer-Sah. Er-Phryah was part of the wealthy yingbindunyai clade, while Mer-Sah, who's family was killed by the Grineer many years before, was alone. He was cetus, which meant "landless, cladeless, a body turned to dust turned to motes on a careless wind."
Mer-Sah longed for a place that he could call home, and told his beloved "I know a place, where I may be homeless no more. I have heard a voice, and it leads me there. Come with me." However, Er-Phryah's father disapproved of their love, and cast Mer-Sah out of their market. Er-Phryah followed him, and they both ran away together, as lovers often do, and were never heard from again.
Decades later, ships entering ancient Earth's orbit were called from the toxic surface by the voice of an old woman. Many traders greeted her and offered the latest news on their lives, but they never learned anything of this woman, except that she had a husband, and that they somehow happy living on poisoned surface of Earth. Whenever new travellers arrived, the woman would always ask about news regarding the yingbindunyai clade.
This woman was in fact, Er-Phryah, and when yingbindunyai junkers arrived, she instructed them to make their home around a magnificent Orokin ruin - the Tower of Unum. In their vast floating market, the yingbindunyai clade finally arrived, and constructed their new home on a ragged coastline directly across from the Tower.
The Ostrons named this village Karifamil, meaning "family and prosperity". Er-Phryah was overjoyed to see her clade again, but Mer-Sah would not enter Karifamil, for he had no family, except for Er-Phryah.
Nearing the end of his long life, Mer-Sah took a boat and sailed out across the ocean. There, he returned all of the gifts that Earth had given him, along with himself. However, this was not his death, as the deeper Mer-Sah sank, the larger he became. This is how the oceans of Earth became the home of the enormous Thousand-Year Fish; a legendary creature said to be one of the great ancient spirits of Earth.
The villagers then decided that their home would no longer be known as Karifamil. From that day forward, it would be known as Cetus, meaning "landless, of no one clade, home to any who are blown as dust on the wind". A home for anyone, regardless of clade, trade or tradition.
Present-Day
Now a bustling market, Cetus is the main trading hub and home of the Ostron, and any who happen to drift by.
Free from the influence of Grineer and Corpus, traders and travelers can meet to exchange information, wares and bounties in safety, protected by the Unum-enforced laws of barter and parley.
Often filled with the sound of children playing and the cry of scavenging seabirds, the Cetus marketplace is a sight to behold.
Just as the cry of merchants can be heard filling the air, the delicate scent of the Temple blood permeates the air, a result of the Ostrons harvesting their most well-known export; the Unum's Temple-flesh.
Cetus is also home to a rich amount of Ostron tradition; Most of the bars contain spirit- jars, which are small containers where coins are left in hopes of keeping the souls of the Orokin happy.
Additionally, the money can be used to pay for the next customer who can't afford a drink.
Similarly, small houses called oro-kin-ka can be found, constructed to give the souls of the Orokin that once inhabited Cetus a place to reside in hopes of leaving the Ostrons in peace.
Finally, urns of freshwater, known as yoong-bat, can be found outside of various Ostron doorways.
They are left out for any nearby traveling monks, and it is considered rude for anyone else to drink from them, especially visiting offworlders.
At nighttime, the haunting, mournful howls of Eidolons can be heard drifting through the allies and byways of the market. Their wails, an ever-present reminder of their previous nature, one that they cannot be allowed to ever return to.
Invasion of the Sentients
Please complete The New War before continuing.
Earth becomes the initial site of the Sentient invasion, and the first place to be invaded in Cetus itself. As the Ostron villagers look on in horror, a large Sentient Murex arrives, crashing into the Unum's Tower and destroying the main spire. As the Grineer fight a losing battle out in the Plains, the Ostron villagers are all subjugated by the Sentient. With the warship posed directly above the Unum, its begins to deactivate the Tower, draining the Unum of her Temple-Kuva.
The marketplace soon becomes a place of ruin; numerous homes are destroyed, while the bay outside of the market is littered with the debris of the Tower. A large Narmer All-Seeing Eye is placed in the center of the market, while all of the Ostron are fitted with Narmer Veils, now forced into believing that the Tenno are starving them of resources. Additionally, a large Orphix can be found positioned next to the market, its pulse field preventing any Warframes for interfearing.
The Tenno ultimately revitalize the Unum, and Ballas recalls the Murex to join the rest of the fleet, leaving The Unum and the Ostron in peace. After the defeat of Ballas, Cetus is finally free of Narmer's influence; the All-Seeing Eye is shattered and drained of its power, and with the Unum alive again, everything returns to relative normalcy.
The Tower of Unum
thumb|Concept art of the Ostrons harvesting the Unum's walls
thumb|Reclamator Balloon - One of Cetus' signature sights, in miniature.
Located in the bay just outside of Cetus is the Tower of Unum, a large Orokin Tower. Since her Temple-body is made out of living flesh, the Unum permits the Ostron to harvest it, specifying when and where to do it. In this manner, the Tower is able to consistently replenish itself, providing the villagers with numerous boons to sell and trade. On occasion, some rare discoveries may even be found, nested within the fleshy substrata of the Unum's being.
To harvest these treasures, Ostron Drillers climb up great scaffolds around the Tower, punching a series of cavities within the wall. Eruptors then pack these holes with charged explosives, and call out, "Prepare to make fire!" to alert everyone boomward of the imminent harvest. Once detonated, large blanketpieces of flesh and wall are shattered free, which are then extracted from the Tower by the use of long billhooks.
These fragments are then affixed to large reclamator balloons, which are carefully steered by drop-drivers. Once in possession of a slab of Temple-flesh, they descend groundward to deliver their bounty to the butchers waiting below.
Once the slab is rested against an airing board, the Flensers then use long-handled blades and hooks to carve and cut the blubbery flesh free from the wall-shell. At the end of a shift, the Retrievers then arrive to ring out any excess oil from scrubs.
The retrieved Temple-flesh is then sliced up and sold within the markets, while any leftover shells of the wall are used as building materials to craft various items, such as bowls, urns and plates.
Factions
Ostron
thumb|right|x150px
ostronintro
The Quills
thumb|right|x150px
quillsintro
Plains of Eidolon
poeintro
**Trivia:**
thumb
In the eastern part of city outskirts hides an Easter Egg in the form of the Digital Extremes logo, easily recognizable by its emblem. Activating it will show the credits roster for the Plains of Eidolon.
In the roster is Hayden Tenno, the main protagonist in Digital Extremes' previous game Dark Sector.
Cetus is the Latinized form of κῆτος (ketos), the Ancient Greek word for "sea monster" or "huge fish", but in recent times, the word is associated with whales (i.e. cetaceans). Cetus can also refer to a constellation of the same name.
Interestingly, one of the stars in the Cetus constellation is Tau Ceti, one of the closest stars to the Sun and is most likely the "Tau" system the Sentients were originally sent to colonize.
Tau Ceti has, as of 2021, 4 confirmed planets, 4 unconfirmed planets, and 1 confirmed debris belt. Tau Ceti e, the third confirmed planet, has an orbit with a radius about half that of Earth's, and Tau Ceti f (the fourth one) has an orbit nearly a third larger than Earth's. These harsh environments, coupled with the outer debris belt, create both the need and the resources to possibly terraform a planet or two for Human colonization.
The people of Cetus harvest Unum's flesh in a manner similar to how whalers harvest a caught whale. 
Eidolons vocalize using the calls of humpback whales, as seen in Devstream 102.
Cetus appears to be located at the top or near the Caspian Sea.
Cetus appears to be next to modern-day Astrakhan, which may have inspired the name of the settlers there, the Ostrons.
Cetus is depicted in the cover art for the Koumei & The Five Fates update.

## Orb Vallis
Thursby and Eudico
The Orb Vallis is an open-world region on Venus. This land of duality, where cold tundras made by Orokin terraformation devices mix with the original harsh Venusian atmosphere, is home to multiple Corpus outposts and colonies, among them the debt-internment colony of Fortuna.
It was introduced in Update 24 on November 8, 2018 on PC, December 10, 2018 on Playstation 4 and Xbox One, and February 5, 2019 on Nintendo Switch.
General
The Orb Vallis is a massive expansive area featuring various fields, hills, caves, and flowing coolant, acting like bodies of water, in a snowy climate. Unlike other mission nodes, Orb Vallis is not procedurally generated using Tiles, but is instead a massive static map with unique features.
Orb Vallis is accessible through two different mission nodes on the Star Chart on Venus. The first is the central hub of the Vallis - Fortuna - where the player will spawn in a plaza located within the underground city. The second mission node will spawn the player directly in front of the elevator that connects Fortuna to the Vallis.
Each server instance of Fortuna can hold up to 50 players within the town, however, players can only exit onto the Vallis in the standard 2-4 man squads or Solo. Each map is considered its own separate mission instance, and will not be shared between squads.
Entering into the Vallis from either Fortuna or directly from the Star Chart will create a new mission instance of the Vallis, with procedural generation applying to objects like resource spawn locations and mineral veins.
Progress on the Vallis is saved under the following conditions:
Upon returning to Fortuna through the elevator at any point, with the mission concluding and all progress saved.
On returning to the player's Orbiter via the escape menu.
All progress is automatically saved on completing Bounties.
Fishing, Mining, or using consumables results in a specific save of that content (fish caught, minerals extracted, consumables used).
Interactive Map
(for the map on its own page, click here)
Fortuna
thumbnail|250px
Fortuna is an underground settlement that is home to the Solaris United, a population of mechanically-augmented people who work as debt-slaves for the Corpus under Nef Anyo to bring the ancient Orokin terraformation devices on Venus back online. This town serves as the central hub for Orb Vallis, where players can interact with various NPC's to purchase items from shops or accept quests to be accomplished out in the Vallis.
Upon arriving on Fortuna, players are deposited on a plaza by the center of the settlement near a large artificial river of coolant. From there, players can exit Fortuna onto the greater Vallis via a large door on the town's edge, leading to an elevator that will bring players up to the Vallis outside. The elevator acts as a loading screen, and players will be unable to exit out the other end until the loading is complete.
Main Features
Weather
thumb|250px|Orb Vallis Weather Cycle (only half of the image is shown in-game, which rotates as time passes; the planet itself does not rotate, so the hidden half with the question mark is unknown)
Orb Vallis features a real-time cycle that sees the map seamlessly transition between cold and warm temperatures in Orb Vallis, caused by the orbital terraforming reflector above Venus.
The weather cycle consists of Warm - Cold, with 6 minutes and 40 seconds of warm weather and 20 minutes of cold weather, before the cycle repeats itself.
Hence the total length of one cycle is 26 minutes and 40 seconds.
The periods are visually represented by the white circle with gaps.
Only the gaps at the start and end of the warm period represent a state change.
The gaps within the cold period do not seem to have a meaning.
The weather period determines the type of fish and wildlife that players can encounter in the fields.
All players will experience the same weather at any particular time in Orb Vallis.
Spear Fishing
Orb Vallis features flowing coolant, acting like bodies of water, which house a wide variety of robotic lifeforms. Players can engage in spearfishing to catch various servofish, which can then be used as resources to craft various Solaris United items, or gifted to The Business to increase standing with the Solaris United faction.
Conservation
Wildlife on Orb Vallis are endangered and The Business wishes to preserve them. Players can subdue creatures that randomly spawn on the map using the Tranq Rifle, rewarding Solaris United standing and Orbiter decorations. However, rare creatures are best acquired through the conservation activity that requires one to track creatures, use Echo-Lures to draw them out, and Tranq them.
Mining
Another means of getting resources in the Vallis is through mining; players can find mineral veins, visible as bright glowing marks, scattered throughout the landscape, which can then be mined with a dedicated cutting tool. The drop rates of rare resources improve as one moves further away from the entrance gate to Fortuna. Ores and Gems are used in a variety of crafting recipes, and uncut gems can also be traded in to Smokefinger to increase standing with the Solaris United faction.
Bounties
Bounties are randomly generated quests in which the player completes a series of short objectives from Eudico. Upon completion of a set of missions, the player will randomly receive a reward from the reward pool. Players must complete the Vox Solaris quest in order to gain access to these bounties.
Solaris United Agents appear outside of Fortuna and provide bounties, allowing players to embark without needing to return to Fortuna. In addition, players can capture Corpus bases to spawn an agent there.
Orb Vallis/Rewards
Heists
Heists are special Bounties provided by the Vox Solaris in the Backroom of Fortuna, which are aimed at taking down the Orb Mothers defending the various Corpus installations out in the Orb Vallis.
Orb Vallis/RewardsProfitTaker
Blinkpad
Blinkpads are a form of teleportational fast travel across the Orb Vallis, placed in set locations. They can be accessed from directly interacting with one or by opening the map and selecting the blinkpad.
If the player is in Archwing, they will automatically dismount after teleporting to a blinkpad.
Points of Interest
Bases
The Corpus have many bases scattered around Orb Vallis. Many of the smaller bases can be captured by the Tenno and subsequently serve as a launching point for future missions.
The following bases have an orange beam above them as well as the Corpus Systems required for the capturing process:
Transit Depot
The Pearl
Grow Site
Temple Fabrication
Reflector Control
Central Maintenance
Orokin Dig Site
In order to capture a base, kill enemies in the area of one such capturable base.
These enemies have a chance to drop a datamass which can be inserted into the Corpus Systems to begin the capture process.
The Corpus Systems must then be defended for two and a half minutes.
After that, several Corpus enemies must be killed.
At this point, the base is surrounded by a blue objective marker, the beam will become blue in color and a Solaris United Agent will appear.
Any automated turrets that are still functional will also become friendly, targeting Corpus foes instead.
If the player is unsuccessful in defending the Corpus Systems, they will be destroyed and a message reading Abandoned Objective will appear.
Any subsequent attempts to capture that base will result in the Abandoned Objective message appearing immediately after inserting the datamass.
If the players leave the area while the base capture is in progress, they will receive an Abandoning Mission warning and accompanying countdown.
Once the countdown is finished the Solaris United will no longer be able to claim the base.
However, the Corpus Systems can still be damaged.
If the Corpus Systems are destroyed, inserting a fresh datamass will once again cause an immediate failure.
TheSolaris United Agent has three bounties to choose from; these are unique and static for each base in the Orb Vallis.
These bounties match the level of the bounty selected from Eudico when initially entering Orb Vallis.
If no bounty was selected, then the bounties found in bases are all of tier 1.
Each bounty at the base has its own set of bounty sub-missions which are randomly selected when the bounties refresh.
Capturing the same base again before the bounty reset will give the same set of bounties as previously.
The rewards and refresh timers from these bounties are identical to those given by Eudico.
When the players complete one of these bounties the host will be unable to select that bounty again, however other players can select bounties freely.
If, however, the players fail a bounty, it will still be available.
If the players wish to capture a new base, they can collect a new datamass and insert it into the Corpus Systems of the desired base. A successful capture will leave the new base in the hands of Solaris United, but the previous base will be returned to Corpus control. If the capture attempt is unsuccessful, the old base will remain with Solaris United.
When Eudico's bounties refresh, if Solaris United owns a base in Orb Vallis, a datamass will appear and the Tenno will be prompted to either capture the current base or capture a new base. Doing so will refresh the bounty rewards to match Eudico's current rewards.
Lakes and Ponds
There are two lakes and many ponds, formed by liquid coolant, in Orb Vallis.
There are only 2 lakes, which can be found in the center area. One lake is located in front of the Fortuna entrance and around the terraforming tower with golden tendrils. The other lake is located just behind the Fortuna entrance.
Ponds are scattered throughout the other areas. Some of the bodies of water are big enough to be a lake, but they are still considered ponds. Canals also act as a pond for spearfishing, though the servofishes will swim against the current, instead of free-flow movement in any direction.
Sometimes, a Solaris worker can be seen trying to tow a crashed Corpus dropship out from one of the ponds.
Caves
Orb Vallis has several caves that players can enter, which can contain items of interest such as minerals or bodies of water for fishing. Many of these caves are small spaces that can have multiple openings that players can go through to access the cave.
Aside from enemies spawned in certain bases, various Toroids can also be found hidden as pick-ups, similar to Ayatan Sculptures, in many caves throughout Orb Vallis.
Like Plains of Eidolon bounties, objective caches for Cache Recovery missions in Orb Vallis bounties can also appear in the caves.
Caves that have been discovered by players will be permanently marked on the minimap by a white mountain-cave symbol.
Terraforming Towers
There are several Orokin-made towers scattered throughout Orb Vallis. Some of them, e.g. the one near the center of the map close to Fortuna's entrance, have coolant flowing down from the top, hence the name Weeping Tower.
The towers serve no other purpose than aesthetic and lore, though Orb Vallis's logo is fashioned after these towers. However, many players use them as starting platforms to do the challenge, Stay Frosty, which requires players to ride on the K-Drive and fall into the coolant from 275 meters of height.
Each tower has two golden arches attached to the back, one side of the tower. The arch diagonally goes around the tower, one side each, and having what looks like two-part robotic arm with joint and three claws pointing downward attached at the end. This makes the towers look like some form of robots. The actual purpose of this particular part/design is unknown.
There is, at least, one tower in a completely broken state, showing a hollow cavity with some kind of organic growth inside. This organic growth looks similar to what can be seen inside the bridge near Orokin Tower of the Unum in Cetus. This somewhat grotesque organic matter hiding inside perfectly elegant Orokin architecture seems to signify the concept of deception many characters perceive when they first personally encounter the Orokin.
Craters
There are three craters around the edge of Orb Vallis, namely Harindi Crater, Asta Crater, and Ustara Crater.
Asta Crater is located at the near southwest, adjacent to the Enrichment Labs. Harindi Crater is at the most middle east, between Reflector Control and Orokin Dig Site. Lastly, Ustara Crater is at the center north slightly to the east.
These craters share similar characteristics, asides from being large holes in the ground, having some form of golden twisted metallic tendrils with big globes, bearing Orokin design, as cores within the craters. Harindi Crater has only one globe in the crater, while Asta Crater and Ustara Crater has several globes.
Speculatively, these globes might have fallen from space and created the craters.
They are probably also parts of Terraforming Towers, as similar tendrils can be seen emerging from around the base of one of the Towers, specifically the one in the middle of Coolant Reservoir close to Fortuna entrance.
All of the craters are located quite close to the Terraforming Tower. It is unknown if this is intentional or having any purpose.
Harindi Crater is distinct, from the other two, for having a large bottomless pit at the center of the crater, right under the tendril globe. Coolant from the nearby Terraforming Tower endlessly flows down to the crater and into this pit. Tenno can go into the pit as deep as the coolant surface, otherwise, Tenno will get drowned.
Orokin Defense Node Ruins
At the far southeast corner of Orb Vallis, immediate south of Orokin Dig Site, is a ruin of an orbital Defense Node. It is the largest landmark in Orb Vallis.
This Ruin looks exactly like one of the planetary defense grid satellites, in Venus orbit, seen during Railjack mission trailer. How this satellite lies in ruins in Orb Vallis is unknown. However, it is unlikely to have fallen from orbit, since that would cause an unfathomably large crater upon impact.
The Orokin Dig Site is probably located quite close to this Ruins for the purposes of expedition and research. But, despite how big it is, there is no way to get inside the Ruins.
Enemies
Corpus Terra Units
thumb|right|Terra Overtaker
The Corpus, comprised of Terra units, are the primary enemy faction in Orb Vallis. They can be found in either small patrol groups roaming the snowy peaks or stationed at one of several outposts and firebases they have set up in the area. They are armed with powerful weaponry such as the Arca Plasmor and the Opticor. In addition, the Jackal, Raptor, and Hyena Corpus proxies that served as bosses on various planets are all present in their numbers.
thumb|left|Rabbleback Hyena
The Corpus units can spawn at Orb Vallis in different ways, either via Condor Dropships, Coildrives, or descending onto the surface from a beam of light.
Both the air and land vehicles used by the Corpus on Orb Vallis are vulnerable to attack and can be destroyed before they deploy the units they transport.
If a sufficiently large patrol is engaged in combat, the Corpus units will deploy Reinforcement Beacons that will signal for reinforcements, which then will proceed to spawn via the aforementioned options.
Up to four beacons can be planted at a time, with each beacon raising the player's Alert Level which raises the intensity of spawned enemies.
The beacon will maintain Alert Level and continue to call in additional enemies until they are destroyed or the player disengages from combat.
The bases owned by the Corpus can be captured. An enemy in a base may drop a datamass, which can be inserted into a terminal. This begins a process where the player must defend the terminal from waves of Corpus. When the defense is complete, the base will be liberated and a Solaris United Agent will appear to offer Bounties without the need to return to Fortuna.
Corpus Scrofa
New Scrofa enemies in Deepmines
Raknoid/Orbs
thumb|right|Kyta Raknoid
These spider-like proxies roam Orb Vallis. They come in various sizes, with those of monstrous size referred to as Orbs. With the exception of the small Mite Raknoids, all of them are very highly durable and are very aggressive in their attacks.
The Mite Raknoid is the smallest of these proxies and only attack using their razor-sharp claws, but they always lie in ambush in groups of three.
The Scyto Raknoid is a medium-sized proxy that attacks swiftly in close-range and sprays a web of glue-like substance on the ground to slow down enemies. The Kyta Raknoid is another medium-sized proxy that uses an array of lasers and has the ability to generate overshields. Both only appear during high alert levels.
The Profit-Taker Orb is a gargantuan-sized proxy armed with a wide array of missile launchers, lasers, and energy barriers, along with an incredibly durable armor plating.
Thanks to breakthroughs in Sentient research, the Profit-Taker's shields were designed to adapt and resist enemy weaponry.
Furthermore, its body is protected by another layer of shielding that is controlled by a satellite, making it seemingly invulnerable.
The Profit-Taker can only be fought during Heists with Vox Solaris, otherwise, it sits in a dormant state on top of the Enrichment Labs.
thumb|left|Exploiter Orb
The Exploiter Orb is another gargantuan-sized proxy, capable of summoning ice storms to protect itself and aggressively shooting icicle projectiles and homing missiles if a Tenno gets too close. It patrols the Temple of Profit, accompanied by a squad of Coolant Raknoids to prevent it from overheating. It is fought in a cave northeast of Harindi Crater, requiring one Diluted Thermia from the recurring Operation: Buried Debts event.
A third gargantuan-sized proxy can be found submerged in a body of coolant near the Orokin Dig Site. It is nameless, seemingly dormant, and cannot be manually scanned (though should Helios have Investigator installed it may attempt to scan it, to no avail). It also emits a similar "roar" like the other Orbs when approached.
Sentient
The Corpus are researching Sentient technology in the Enrichment Labs. Rarely, Conculyst may appear there.
Thermia Fractures
Thermia Fractures are a reoccurring monthly event where players have to option to close fractures on the Orb Vallis' surface to earn Diluted Thermia and other exclusive rewards. Diluted Thermia is needed to start the Exploiter Orb boss fight.
Minor Features
Fragments
thumb|right|Fortuna Fragment
Fortuna Fragments resembling Debt-Bonds can be found scattered all over the Orb Vallis, revealing backstory on the members of Solaris United in the Codex.
Somachords can also be found, however only one can appear at a time.
Data-Hashes
Data-Hashes are scannable, similar to fragments, scattered throughout Orb Vallis as a part of Operation: Buried Debts.
**Notes:**
The Arsenal can be accessed from anywhere in Fortuna via the Main Menu, then selecting Equipment → Arsenal. This allows switching of loadouts in Fortuna without needing to return to the Orbiter.
The Mods segment can also be accessed through Equipment → Mods, allowing players to manage their Mods from Fortuna.
The Operator menu can be accessed while in Operator mode, allowing for customization.
**Trivia:**
Vallis is the Latin word for "valley". In planetary geology, the term Vallis refers to valleys found on other planets. In real life, there are over 200 valleys identified on the surface of Venus.
The word "Orb" in Orb Vallis probably refers to the gigantic Orb Raknoids that dominate the landscape.
Inversely, the word "raknoid" may be derived from Arachnoid, a large geological structure that resembles a spider's web. Arachnoids are exclusive to Venus's surface and their exact cause is debated among astrogeologists.
Or the word "Raknoid" may be a hybrid of arachnid and droid.
While out in the Orb Vallis during cold and freezing weather, Warframes will gradually gather frost on their bodies over time. Most of it will be slowly thawed off during warm weather.
With Update 24.0.9, companions now gather snow on their bodies and, barring Sentinels, will regularly shake it off.
rIbbKRZrTMM
Annotated Map
400px|center

## Fortuna
650px|center
Introductory Description
Fortuna is a neon-lit Corpus debt-internment colony located on Venus. Built within a massive underground cavern beneath Orb Vallis, it is home to the Solaris United, a population of body augmented debt-slaves working for Nef Anyo.
As a city hub, players can interact with various NPCs of various Factions to purchase items from shops, or accept quests or bounties to be completed out in the Vallis. Players can enter the Orb Vallis via an elevator on the far end of the colony, leading to the open frigid field beyond. The elevator acts as a loading screen, and players will be unable to exit out the other end until the loading is complete.
Lore & History
Factions
Solaris United
solarisintroSolaris United NPCs can be found scattered all throughout the main floor of Fortuna.thumb|right|x150px
Vox Solaris
voxsolarisintroVox Solaris can be found in the Backrooms at the far northwestern corner of Fortuna's main floor.thumb|right|x150px
Ventkids
ventkidsintro
The Ventkids can be found in the air vents accessible from Fortuna's westernmost second floor.thumb|right|x150px
Nightcap
Nightcap is a Solari who is researching the fungal growths of the Deepmines beneath the Orb Vallis. He is found within The Airlock near the entrance, whose access requires completion of The New War.
Orb Vallis
OVintro
**Notes:**
Nef Anyo periodically displays prerecorded messages through various monitors in the complex, often in a degrading and accusing tone that often belittles the Solaris workers as nothing more than lazy freeloaders.
After the Vox Solaris quest is completed, these messages will become less harsh or at least neutral in tone instead, often asking that the residents of Fortuna praise the Void, or telling them that their profit figures look "very promising" instead.
After completing Vox Solaris, interacting with the second worker hammering at the water platform at the entrance of Fortuna will replay the opening cutscene and the song "We All Lift Together".
If the player has completed The New War, the worker will disappear and the cutscene becomes available using levers next to Rude Zuud.
**Trivia:**
On October 23, 2018, a Discord channel named "Solaris United" was started by Digital Extremes to tease the coming release of Fortuna.
An Alternate Reality Game (ARG), Solaris United ARG, was also started at the same time, orchestrated by The Business of Solaris United. Players were rewarded with claimable in-game items after the ARG ends, given out through limited-time promo codes that expired on November 12, 2018.
Fortuna shares its name with the Roman goddess of fortune.
In Turkish, the word 'Fırtına' (pronounced very similarly) means storm, often Thunderstorm, which could refer to the whirling storm that surrounds the Orb Vallis.
In Spanish, the word 'Fortuna' means favorable luck, or a great amount of money, possibly related to Nef Anyo profiting off the Solaris in Fortuna.
In Portuguese, the word "Fortuna" means a lot of wealth, money and treasure, but it can also express the luck or final destiny of a person´s life.
thumb|x125px|Viewing spawn point from logo's spot
A Digital Extremes logo can be found in Fortuna. Upon loading into Fortuna the player can bullet jump to the upper-right ledge, then to the ledge above Rude Zuud's shop. Upon approaching the logo a prompt will appear to activate. Doing so will bring up a new screen that displays the credits of all those that worked on Fortuna in DE.

## Cambion Drift
Son
The Cambion Drift is an expansive, open Landscape connected to Necralisk, an Entrati settlement located on Deimos. Beyond the gates of the Necralisk, the Infestation's Grey Strain has taken control of a majority of the Landscape. Cambion Drift is available after initiating the Heart of Deimos quest in the Codex.
The giant Infested wyrms, Fass and Vome, represent the cycle of the Landscape, stuck in an eternal battle between the siblings for which there can be no victor. Entrati Necramech battle mechs are also found here, operating on their autonomous kill precepts.
It was introduced in Update 29 on August 25th, 2020 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One and on August 27th, 2020 on Nintendo Switch.
General
The Cambion Drift is an open area set within the Infested landscape of Deimos. Unlike other mission nodes, the Cambion Drift is not procedurally generated using Tiles, but instead acts as a static map with unique features. Its surface is smaller in size than the Plains of Eidolon or Orb Vallis but is home to rich underground cave systems that run deep into Entrati ruins. While the surface is static, some of these cave systems are procedurally generated.
The Cambion Drift can be accessed through two different mission nodes on the Star Chart on Deimos. The first node will initially spawn the player at the westernmost side of the area, in the cave behind Albrecht's Prospect, and outside the Necralisk after Heart of Deimos. The second node is the central hub of the Drift - Necralisk - where the player will spawn in a plaza located across from Grandmother and Otak.
Each server instance of Necralisk can hold up to 50 players within the town, however, players can only exit onto the Drift in the standard 2-4 man squads or Solo. Each map is considered its own separate mission instance, and will not be shared between squads.
Entering into the Drift from either Necralisk or directly from the Star Chart will create a new mission instance of the Drift, with procedural generation applying to objects like resource spawn locations, mineral veins, and underground cave routes.
Progress on the Drift is saved under the following conditions:
Upon returning to Necralisk through the airlock at any point, with the mission concluding and all progress saved.
On returning to the player's Orbiter via the escape menu.
All progress is automatically saved on completing Bounties.
Fishing, Mining, or using consumables results in a specific save of that content (fish caught, minerals extracted, consumables used).
Interactive Map
(for the map on its own page, click here)
Necralisk
intro
Main Features
Fass & Vome Cycles
The Cambion Drift features a real-time cycle which sees the map transition between the Infested wyrms in the background: the orange wyrm Fass and the blue wyrm Vome, who are constantly warring with each other.
These wyrms will emerge, fire a destructive beam that destroys the other wyrm and litter their remains across the Cambion Drift, only to eventually regenerate and exact revenge in a repeated cycle.
All players will experience the same wyrm at any particular time in the Cambion Drift.
The active wyrm determines the amount of enemies as well as the type of fish and wildlife that players can encounter, and consequently affect the map's difficulty level.
The surrounding scattered either Fass or Vome Residue nodes will affect players and allies in the area surrounding them.
The Cambion Drift uses exactly the same cycle lengths as the Plains of Eidolon.
The features of each cycle are as follows:
Fass
Lasts for 100 minutes (concurrently with day on the Plains of Eidolon).
Increases the amount of Infested enemies present.
Litters Vome Residue in blue highlighting areas providing slight speed boost and health regeneration effects to Warframes, Companions, and piloted Necramechs.
Necramechs are found deactivated (and able to be piloted with Transference).
For fishing the only activity cycle of Cryptosuctus (common), and Ostimyr (uncommon).
Vome
Lasts for 50 minutes (concurrently with night on the Plains of Eidolon).
Decreases the amount of Infested enemies.
Litters Fass Residue in red highlighting areas slightly slowing movement of Warframes, Companions, and piloted Necramechs.
Autonomous Necramechs are active, allied to Tenno and roam and engage Infested.
For fishing the only activity cycle of Lobotriscid (common), Glutinox (uncommon), Aquapulmo (rare) and Myxostomata (very rare).
Either cycle
For fishing the activity cycles of Kymaeros (common), Barbisteo (common), Amniophysi (common), Vitreospina (uncommon), Duroid (uncommon), Chondricord (uncommon), and Flagellocanth (rare).
Fishing
The Cambion Drift excretes exocrine, a viscous translucent Infestation-infused liquid, that acts as water in the environment. Due to its Infested nature, exocrine does not allow non-Infested matter, regardless of weight or size, to traverse through it. Only fish, Undazoa and specialized fishing spears crafted from the Infestation can pass through exocrine.
There are Infested, Orokin/Infested hybrid, and pure Orokin fish that are capable of flight, and can be caught using any fishing spear when they emerge from the exocrine.
Players can engage in spearfishing to catch these Infested biomes, which can then be used as resources to craft various Entrati items or gifted to Daughter to earn Daughter Token for Entrati syndicate progression.
Although fishing is ideal for acquiring rare fishing resources, Requiem Obelisks provide a more time-efficient farm for the rest.
Conservation
Wildlife on Cambion Drift draw great interest to Son. Players can track creatures, use Echo-Lures to draw them out, and Tranq Rifles to subdue them, rewarding tags to be traded in for Son Token for Entrati syndicate progression, and Orbiter decorations.
The Velocipods that roam are passive to the Tenno and can be ridden on like a K-Drive. While they won't directly attack players, carelessly walking into them can heavily damage and knock down the player.
Vulpaphyla and Predasite variations are targeted by the Infested. If they take damage from the Infestation, before or after being sedated, they will become "weakened". They can then be captured and brought to Son to create a modular companion through the process of Revivification.
Mining
Another means of getting resources in the plains is through mining; players can find mineral veins, visible as bright glowing marks, scattered throughout the landscape, which can then be mined with a dedicated cutting tool. The mineral veins appear in orange (ores), rather than red for other landscapes, and blue (gems) and can be spawned on any infested surface, including stalks and tendrils, but not on actual rocks.
Ores and Gems are used in a variety of crafting recipes, and these can also be traded in to Otak to earn Otak Token for Entrati syndicate progression. Although mining is ideal for acquiring rare mining resources, Requiem Obelisks provide a more time-efficient farm for the rest.
Bounties
Mother
Bounties are randomly generated quests in which the player completes a series of short objectives from Mother. Upon completion of a set of missions, the player will receive a random reward from the reward pool, along with Mother Token.
Players must complete the Heart of Deimos quest in order to gain access to these bounties.
Mother can appear in various spots outside the Necralisk and continues to provide bounties, allowing players to embark without needing to return to the Necralisk.
Mission Types
Bounties in the Cambion Drift have their own mission types, which are either unique to the Drift or variants of traditional missions. The following are the mission types available:
NekBoMi
Field Bounties
Field Bounties are accessible by default from Mother inside and outside the Necralisk in the Cambion Drift. These bounties refresh every 2.5 hours.
A bonus objective is given for each mission in the bounty, which rewards additional Mother Token if completed. If all the bonus objectives are completed (i.e. the bonus objective is completed for each stage), an additional reward will be given out at the final stage, drawing from the drop table of the final stage.
In addition to the standard 3/4/5 -stage bounties, Mother also has endless bounties. These contain 3 normal bounty stages per reward cycle, with both enemy level and token rewards increasing every cycle.
Cambion Drift/Rewards
Isolation Vault
The Isolation Vault is a bounty to investigate vaults deep within the caves of the Cambion Drift from Mother inside the Necralisk. It consists of a few set objectives to break into the Infested caves and destroy the guardian Necramechs, and optionally pry open the vaults to reap their rewards.
Cambion Drift/RewardsIsoVault
Arcana Bounties
Arcana Bounties are unlocked after completion of the initial Isolation Vault bounty from Mother in Cambion Drift, just outside of the vault. These are multi-stage bounties to clear out the vault zones from Infested, with similar tasks from the field bounties along with new ones.
Cambion Drift/RewardsArcanaIsoVault
Blinkpad
Blinkpads are a form of teleportational fast travel across the Cambion Drift, placed in set locations. They can be accessed from directly interacting with one or by opening the map and selecting the blinkpad.
If the player is in Archwing, they will automatically dismount after teleporting to a blinkpad.
Points of Interest
Requiem Obelisks
Along the surface of the Cambion Drift are obelisks that depict a Requiem symbol.
Use of these obelisks can be a more effective method for farming mining and fishing resources than the activities themselves (although not for the rarest of resources), while also providing additional useful resources.
When their Reactive Crystal is shot with the Operator's Void damage, the obelisk will activate for 90 seconds with a cooldown of 12 seconds.
Depending on the Requiem symbol depicted, the obelisk produces various effects against the nearby Infested that spawn.
Killing Infested near an obelisk will cause the obelisk to produce various Cambion Drift resources when the following conditions are met:
The obelisk is still activated
The infested are currently/recently affected by the obelisk effect (see chart for details)
The infested are killed by the Operator, Necramech, or Excalibur Umbra in specter form (While using Operator)
On the surface, it will spawn Infested enemies four times, each in groups of 3. However in an iso vault, general enemies endlessly spawn between the "Defeat Enemy Necramechs" stage of an Isolation Vault bounty and the activation of the reactive Crystal of the Vault. Enemy spawns directly from obelisks have a cooldown of 10 minutes.
Obelisks have a small health bar that is depleted by each instance of activation damage, eventually breaking and becoming inert once the bar fully depletes. It is recommended to use low-damage attacks so that the obelisk can be activated a greater number of times, especially in an Isolation Vault during endless spawning of enemies. Further, Warframe abilities that group enemies can aid in speeding up the process of getting the enemies affected by the Obelisk effects.
Isolation Vaults
Deep beneath the surface, old Infested-ridden Entrati ruins contain Isolation Vaults that are guarded by Necramechs. These vaults were once containment chambers for Orokin explorers of the Void, who brought back treasures from their travels.
Cambion Drift/RewardsIsoVault
Clearing an Isovault unlocks Arcana bounties of the same level taking place in the already cleared vault, until the player exits the Cambion Drift. These bounties give a reward after each stage like regular field bounties, and the bounties can be started by speaking to Mother within Cambion Drift, at the respective vault entrances.
Cambion Drift/RewardsArcanaIsoVault
Necralisk Entrance/Exterior
The gate to enter/exit the Necralisk (which resembles an Orokin tower in design) is located inside a cave chamber.
The entrance to the cave is a small opening at the top of the long leading stairs. Deactivated Necramechs seems to visibly support the opening from collapsing.
Inside the cave, there is no infestation but, instead, blue stalk-like plants and grass. This is probably a preserved remnant of original/native biome of Cambion Drift before the infestation.
If Tenno use their Archwings to fly and look at the largest orange giant glowing window-like panes on the side of Necralisk's exterior, they can see a silhouette of the gate inside the cave.
Enemies
Infested
thumb|right
The Grey Strain of the Infestation evolved to create new forms of Infested as Deimos units. Existing units such as Chargers, Runners, and Ancient Healers have their appearance modified, having more tendril growth and orange/violet coloration.
The Infested Deimos possess damage vulnerabilities to Blast and Gas, but resist Viral.
There are certain Infested enemies unique to Cambion drift. This includes Deimos Tendril Drones that act as flying sentries and will occasionally latch themselves onto Warframes. There are also Mitosids that upon taking enough damage each split into a Basal Diploid and a Feral Diploid. Finally, gargantuan Deimos Carnis, Deimos Genetrix, Deimos Jugulus and Deimos Saxum can also be found here, all these are immune to Viral status.
Most Infested gain the ability to shoot homing projectiles at airborne targets, making Archwing just as risky as the other two open world areas. A single hit will usually eject the player out of their archwing and force them to the ground.
Necramechs
right|thumb
These Entrati machines from The Old War roam autonomously about the Cambion Drift, unable to distinguish friend from foe due to their corrupted precepts. During Vome, surface Necramechs will be allied to the player, killing nearby Infested. During Fass, however, Necramechs on the surface will be deactivated, allowing Operators to perform Transference on them.
Minor Features
Ridable Velocipods
right|thumb|Xaku riding on a Velocipod
Velocipods found in the wild can be mounted to serve as K-Drives.
K-Drive Races
K-Drive Races on the Cambion Drift are hosted by Grandmother, providing Ventkids Standing upon completion.
**Trivia:**
A cambion is the hybrid offspring of a human and a demon.
Cambion Drift is the only Landscape currently lacking a Grand Boss.
As with its parent planet the Cambion Drift does not show any signs of being under Narmer influence following The New War, possibly due to the Sentients not considering the Infestation a threat.
Allied Necramechs can occasionally occasionally attack wildlife as if they are Infested enemies.
Maps

## Necralisk
Introductory Description
The Necralisk is the home of House Entrati who are family of partially-Infested Orokin, located to the north of Dirus, Deimos. It is the ruins of an opulent Orokin mansion-like residence, much smaller than an Orokin Tower, hidden inside a large round Infested growth in the north-east of the Cambion Drift.
As a hub, players can interact with various NPCs to purchase items from shops or accept quests or bounties to be completed out in the drift. Players can enter the drift via a large metal Orokin door in the south of the mansion, leading to a large foyer that has another door that finally leads to the drift beyond. The room acts as a loading screen, and players will be unable to exit out of the other end until the loading is complete.
Lore & History
General
thumb|215x215pxThe Necralisk is the residence of the Entrati family, and is mainly used as a research enclave dedicated to the study of the Void. It was also the home of the family former head, Albrecht Entrati, before his untimely disappearance. Records of his first voyage into the Void are stored within the Entrati's family archives, located in the backroom next to Mother.
The Infestation Of Deimos
After a bio-bomb was detonated in Deimos in an attempt to repel the Sentients, the entire moon was overrun with the Infestation.
The Entrati had no choice but to lock themselves in the Necralisk and use it as a makeshift safehouse.
To escape the troubles of the family, the children would occupy themselves by studying the Infestation; Daughter would catch and study Infested fish, and had a collection of original Orokin specimens, while Son would begin breeding Infested beasts, dressing them up as members of the family as a joke.
Ultimately, he would inadvertently break containment protocol. Some of the Infested fauna he bred followed him home, allowing spores to make their way onto the Necralisk and infest the rest of the family, which led them to lose their names and most of their memories and ideas.
Current-Day
The Invasion of the Murmur
Albrecht Entrati's Laboratories
Factions
Entrati Family
thumb|right|x150pxentratiintro
Necraloid
thumb|right|x150pxnecraloidintro
Cambion Drift
intro
**Trivia:**
On top of a pillar to the right side facing Loid/Otak is an interactable Digital Extremes logo, which plays a credits sequence.
Aside from the area the player enters if selected from the Star Chart, there is only a single window to the outside world in the entire interior of the Necralisk, appearing next to Mother's area.

## Duviri
Drifter
The Kingdom of Duviri is an open-world region within the Void. Ruled by the tyrannical but childish Dominus Thrax, his mood and emotions directly influence the lands. Duviri becomes available upon completing The Duviri Paradox quest.
It was introduced in Update 33 on all platforms.
Lore & History
The Duviri Paradox
Duviri was originally the fictional setting of Euleria Entrati's storybook, "Tales of Duviri", created as a means of emotional regulation in the event of Void exposure. The kingdom was manifested by the Drifter inadvertently via Conceptual Embodiment as a result of their emotional anxieties following the Zariman Ten Zero's Void Jump accident, and they initially used it as a refuge from the Void. However, as the Drifter outgrew the stories, they eventually wished to leave.
However, Dominus Thrax, insulted by the Drifter's attempts to leave Duviri, has them executed in a continuous time loop, causing the Drifter to become apathetic and forget having created Duviri in the first place.
According to Acrithis, the resident archivist, Duviri used to be much larger. Many of the islands were "lost", either destroyed by Dominus Thrax, or mysteriously vanished to the Void.
Isleweaver (Operation: Eight Claw)
Following the events of The Hex, The Man in the Wall leaves 1999 and sets its sights on Duviri. Using a possessed Major Neci Rusalka, they overthrow Dominus Thrax, who is forced to turn to the Tenno for aid.
Rusalka's arrival brings the return of Scholar's Landing, one of the lost islands that Albrecht Entrati used as a laboratory during his stay in Duviri.
General
Duviri is a large open domain primarily consisting of many disconnected floating islands, each with their own hills, caves, buildings, and bodies of water. Unlike other mission nodes, Duviri is not procedurally generated using Tiles, but is instead a massive static map with unique features.
The color of the landscape generally changes with the mood setting. For example, the sky is red with Anger, but green with Envy. The presence of islands also vary with the mood, most notably the Archarbor, the Amphitheater, and Kullervo's Hold.
Duviri can be accessed through the Dominus Thrax bust icon on the upper right corner of the Star Chart. It is also accessible through the Duviri door in the Dormizone.
Players can enter Duviri in the 2-4 player squads or Solo. Each map is considered its own separate mission instance, and will not be shared between squads.
Entering into Duviri will create a new mission instance of Duviri, with procedural generation applying to objects like resource spawn locations.
Progress on Duviri is saved upon acquiring a Decree from any means.
Interactive Map
(for the map on its own page, click here)
Teshin's Cave
thumb|221x221px
Every play session in Duviri starts out in Teshin's Cave. In this area, players can choose their Warframe and weapons, access their Drifter Intrinsics, customize their Kaithe, and practice their combat against a dummy target.
Main Features
Gameplay
Loadout
Instead of using a selected loadout from the Origin System, Duviri features a roguelike experience which generates a random selection of Warframes, primary, secondary, and melee weapons. Equipment will cycle at the start of every Spiral or upon completing a Duviri mission.
Equipment that the player does not own or not mastered has a high chance of appearing, but the unowned equipment will only appear as its base version (e.g. not owning Mag will not have Mag Prime appear).
The most powerful version(s) of owned equipment will always appear and obsolete any of the weaker variants (e.g. owning Braton Prime and Braton Vandal will cause them to always appear over Braton or Mk1-Braton). There is an exception for weapons with incarnon adapters. Weaker version(s) with incarnon adapters will appear over the more powerful variants without incarnon adapters (e.g. Mk1-Bo with incarnon adapter will appear over Bo Prime without incarnon adapter).
If the player owns less than 10 weapons in a category, any owned and mastered equipment are less likely to appear back-to-back.
Companions, modular weapons (Kitguns and Zaws), and Archguns are not generated.
Initially, only 3 Warframes and one of each weapon type plus an additional randomly selected type will be available. The amount can be increased with Drifter Intrinsics Opportunity:
Rank 2: Increases number of weapon options to 6.
Rank 4: Increases number of Warframe options to 4. Additionally allows previewing available Warframes and weapons in the navigation window, with owned equipment displaying Forma count.
Rank 7: Further increases number of weapon options to 8.
Rank 8: Further increases number of Warframe options to 5.
Rank 10: Unlocks the Stalker as a Warframe option.
For players under Mastery Rank 3, only the Warframes Excalibur, Frost, Mag, Mirage, Nezha, Oberon, Protea, Rhino, Saryn, Styanax, Wukong, and Volt will appear.
Equipment will come with a default configuration of pre-selected Mods, all at max rank. Default Configs are as follows:
Warframes are guaranteed to have Flow, Continuity, Streamline, Stretch, Intensify, and Vitality, and two additional mods based on their health, armor, or shields (e.g. Steel Fiber, Redirection).
All Warframes have the aura mod Dreamer's Bond, with the exception of Hildryn and Lavos who instead have Enemy Radar.
Stalker has a unique configuration that consists of: Energy Siphon, Primed Sure Footed, Umbral Fiber, Redirection, Umbral Vitality, Primed Flow, Umbral Intensify, Stretch, Adaptation, Continuity, Arcane Grace, and Arcane Energize.
Weapons are guaranteed to feature base damage and multishot for guns and Pressure Point, Fury, and Reach for melees. 3 mods are tailored for the weapon's critical chance, critical multiplier, and/or status chance, and 2 mods are tailored to match the weapon's damage type.
Excluding Stalker, none of the equipment's default configs will have Exilus Mods or Arcane Enhancements.
Any Arsenal-created configurations from the Origin System will also be available. Modding cannot be performed within Teshin's Cave, so players must prepare in advance before starting a Duviri mission. Exalted Weapons, if any, will use the same configuration as the Warframe (e.g. Excalibur on Config B will have Exalted Blade use Config B). Created configurations will default Config A if it uses over 40 mod capacity, otherwise it will default to the one with the most used mod capacity.
Warframe and weapon appearance exclusively uses Config A.
If the player heads into Duviri with any equipment type unselected, those equipment and mod configurations will be randomly selected from the available options. Garuda (Garuda Prime) is an exception, able to abstain from selecting a melee weapon to use her Garuda Talons (Garuda Prime Talons).
Affinity can still be earned from Duviri, allowing any selected equipment not at max rank to be ranked up.
Drifter Combat
Traversing the surface of Duviri does not feature traditional Warframe gameplay. Instead, players take control of the Drifter, who has a much more limited arsenal and are not as agile but have more Melee variance.
They have 250 base health and no shields.
Their abilities operate on a cooldown rather than using energy.
They can crouch, slide, and roll but cannot double jump or bullet jump.
Unlike Warframes, the Drifter takes Impact damage from falling at high heights. This is especially noticeable with Duviri's tall cliffs and houses.
Kaithes do not experience fall damage, however.
Rolling just before landing will negate fall damage entirely.
The Drifter is equipped with a Sirocco sidearm and one of the available melee weapons: Sun & Moon, Syam, Azothane, Edun, Sampotes, or Argo & Vel.
They possess unique Melee moves not available to Warframes:
Target lock (default R).
Target swapping (default Mouse Wheel during target lock).
Parrying and projectile reflecting (blocking, default RMB, right before being attacked).
Power Strike (block + heavy attack, default RMB + MMB; has a cooldown indicated by a gauge beneath the reticle). Each weapon has its own Power Strike:
Sun & Moon: Sends forth two arcs of explosive energy that deal Electricity damage.
Syam: Releases two spinning slashes in quick succession, inflicting Lifted.
Azothane: Plunges the blade into the ground to release five energy waves forward in a cone, dealing Cold damage.
Edun: Quickly slashes upward to release a cloud of dust to Blind the foe.
Sampotes: Slams the ground to release a shockwave that travels forward in a line, inflicting Heat damage.
Argo & Vel: Performs a charged swing that inflicts Slash. Perfect parrying resets Power Strike cooldown.
Quick-shot (default LMB) will quickly fire the Sirocco and immediately re-equip the melee weapon.
Certain enemy attacks are unblockable, and others are interruptible using the Sirocco.
Switching from melee to range weapon requires a key press (default F) and allows to aim (default RMB), while using the melee weapon (default E) will switch to melee mode.
The Drifter possesses the following abilities:
Summon Kaithe
Guiding Hand
Restorative (Duviri)
Smoke Screen (Duviri)
With Drifter Intrinsics Combat Rank 3, the Drifter can unlock Transference Surge as their 5th ability, where dealing damage fills a gauge that when maxed allows the Drifter to summon their Warframe to Duviri for 10 seconds (15 with Combat Rank 8).
While riding their Kaithe, abilities 3 and 4 are replaced by other abilities unlocked through Intrinsics Riding Rank 3 and 6:
Hoof Stomp
Steadfast Dismount
Drifter Intrinsics
thumb|200x200px
Drifter Intrinsics are awarded upon completing objectives in Duviri. These enhance the Duviri experience and some even have use in the Origin System.
Drifter/Intrinsics/Combat
Drifter/Intrinsics/Riding
Drifter/Intrinsics/Opportunity
Drifter/Intrinsics/Endurance
Game Modes
The Duviri Experience

The Duviri Experience is Duviri's current mood spiral story as it was meant to be played, with possible side objectives and quests that in turn allow the player to acquire more Decrees.
The Lone Story

The Lone Story is a streamlined mode that takes the player through the story of the current mood spiral without giving access to any side objectives.
The Circuit
thumb|200x200px

The Circuit is an endless gamemode that takes the player through The Undercroft. Featuring Warframe exclusive gameplay, players must endure an onslaught of Origin System missions, which are an alternative method to earning Origin System resources, including Warframe components.
Isleweaver

Isleweaver is a new retelling of The Lone Story, exclusively using Warframe gameplay on the surface of Duviri instead of the Drifter. Access to Isleweaver requires completion of The Hex quest.
The Murmur replaces all Dax and Hollow Thrax enemies (with the former potentially spawning in as friendlies), the fifth objective always results in a battle with Oraxia, and The Fragmented serves as this story's final boss with a Duet with a shared health bar appearing on the last phase. Gear still cannot be used; using the Gear Wheel (default Q) will instead activate Summon Kaithe. Finally, only Castle Town and the exclusive Scholar's Landing are explorable regions in this mode.
This game mode awards blueprints for the Oraxia Warframe, the weapons Spinnerex, Scyotid, 16-20 Scuttler Husk, and 10 Pathos Clamp. Scuttler Husk can be traded to Acrithis to purchase the aforementioned Warframe and weapons, Thalys, and Isleweaver Captura. The Murmur as well as Albrecht's Laboratories Storage Containers can drop their usual resources (Entrati Obols, Necracoil, and Stela) in addition to the new Temporal Dust, but will not drop any mods or Arcane Enhancements.
The Steel Path
All Duviri game modes can also be played on The Steel Path modifier.
To access it, the player must have unlocked The Steel Path for the normal Star Chart and additionally completed each of the three Duviri game modes at least once on the normal mode.
On The Steel Path, the enemies in Duviri have their level increased by 20, but with no changes to health and shields, and the Orowyrm boss fight gains additional mechanics.
Enemies in The Undercroft, The Circuit, and Isleweaver use normal Steel Path modifiers.
In The Duviri Experience, The Lone Story, and Isleweaver, defeating the final boss on the Steel Path rewards 5 Steel Essence, 15 Pathos Clamp, and 22 Drifter Intrinsics. Completing side objective Undercroft Portals also grants additional Pathos Clamp, and defeating the Kullervo boss rewards 6-8 Kullervo's Bane. In Isleweaver, 21-24 Scuttler Husk and 25 Temporal Dust (if rolled) are awarded.
The Steel Path Circuit features a complete different set of rewards. Fixed rewards include a selection of an Incarnon Genesis Adapter from the weekly rotation at tiers 5 and 10, and 25 Steel Essence at tier 9. Other possible rewards include Exilus Warframe Adapter, Exilus Weapon Adapter and Forma blueprints, Duviri Arcanes, 3-day Boosters, Veiled Riven Mods, Riven Sliver, Kuva, Endo, Credits and Duviri resources.
Mood Spirals
thumb|247x247px
In Duviri, the mood spiral at the time of beginning the session affects the landscape, certain points of interest, color palette of the sky and land, and more. Each Spiral is lead by a different courtier, who will guide the player through their mission. The moods that can appear during a Duviri run are Joy, Anger, Envy, Sorrow, and Fear. Each mood lasts for 120 minutes (2 hours).
The current mood also affects the damage and status type enemies can inflict:
Joy: Void
Anger: Heat
Envy: Toxin
Sorrow: Cold
Fear: Electricity
The mood has no effect on Isleweaver; the Murmur do not receive the bonus damage and the scenery will always depict Joy.
Stage Types
Mood Spirals play out a "story" featuring a series of 6-stage objectives similar to Bounties, four on Duviri and two trips into The Undercroft, culminating into a boss fight with the Orowyrm. Optional objectives found throughout Duviri are labeled as Anecdotes.
Completing each objective awards players with a random Duviri resource, 3 Drifter Intrinsics, and a Common Decree, whilst completing a trip into The Undercroft yields twice as much, meaning 6 Drifter Intrinsics and a Rare Decree. Defeating the Orowyrm awards 10 Pathos Clamp (15 on The Steel Path), 15 Drifter Intrinsics (22 on The Steel Path), 5 Steel Essence if playing on The Steel Path, and a Rare Decree.
Prematurely exiting Duviri will retain all collected rewards and resources up to the last received Decree.
Spiral Stages
Decree
thumb|221x221px
Decrees are temporary bonuses given to the player upon completing objectives, whether through the main progression or side content. A selection of 3 Decrees can be chosen (4 with Drifter Intrinsics). The buffs last until extraction.
Maw Feeding (Fishing)
thumb|217x217px
thumb|213x213px|A Transference Pad used in Maw Feeding
Fishing#Maw Feeding
Conservation
thumb|225x225px
Conservation#Duviri
Duviri Enigmas
thumb|235x235px|Three gold puzzle boxes seen in a Duviri Enigma
Duviri Enigmas are special puzzles within Duviri. These puzzles become available after completion of The Duviri Paradox quest. They center around a Paragrimm Hutch with a set of three symbols, arranged vertically, and an owl-like creature called a Paragrimm sitting atop the hutch itself. The player must shoot three nearby drums to match the symbols to open the cache in the hutch.
The symbols on the Paragrimm Hutch in Archarbor are always associated with the same drums. The pattern is as follows:none|thumb
Lost Islands of Duviri
Fragments#Lost Islands of Duviri Fragments
The Vagabond
A mysterious human entity can sometimes be found in Duviri. When encountered, this Vagabond will laugh manically before vanishing. Curiously, this figure lacks an index finger.
Joy: A cave beneath Thrax Gardens.
Anger: Atop the main spire of The King's Palace.
Envy: Near the scholar's tomb, in a cave near Fort Wyrmsoul.
Sorrow: Above the cave entrance at the pond near Moirai Crossing.
Fear: Near Titan's Rest, behind Sythel's house.
Zariman Tablets
Tablets from the Zariman Ten Zero have begun appearing around Duviri. These testing tablets contain a single multiple-choice question revealing lore about the Orokin society, Duviri, and the mysteries of the Void. Incorrectly answering questions has no penalty, but releases an unsettling laugh, while correct responses produce a heavily distorted voice.
Correct answers are bolded.
What event concluded the Eighteenth Radiation War?
A. The destruction of the Arctic Hive Cluster
B. The assassination of Marcellus Ambrosius Lephantis
What is the core thesis of The Palimpsest of Spacetime?
A. Events can be rewritten; traces of the original persist
B. Everything that exists could, at any point, be erased
What is 'Kuva'?
A. Fluid with Void-derived capacity to conduct consciousness
B. The liquid remnants of departed Orokin saints
What is Conceptual Embodiment?
A. Concepts taking on form in the Void
B. The creation of cephalons
What should public architecture celebrate?
A. Our understanding of geometry and physics
B. The proven superiority of tiered society
What should one never do at a Serving of the Bitter Tea?
A. Break silence
B. Flinch, no matter how severe the pain
Who is constructing the Extrasolar Rail between Pluto and Tau?
A. An elite group of loyal servants of the Seven
B. A new, hardy strain of Grineer Void Engineers
What was the purpose of the Zariman Parades?
A. To raise capital for the Zariman expedition
B. To instill awe in those not chosen to participate
Which emergency visual signals can replace lost audio comms?
A. Vosphene glyphs
B. The Cloud Alphabets of Saravin Wu
Excess time in the Void can result in:
A. Temporal distortions, psychological distress
B. The Void poses no risk
Is Void travel safe?
A. Yes. We are merely passengers
B. Yes, so long as we control our emotions
What is your first priority if you are exposed to the Void?
A. Request the duty cephalon to seal off your environs
B. Call the Lorists, then immolate yourself at a thermo-cubicle
What will be the primary challenge of colonizing Tau?
A. Remaining industrious in the midst of abundance
B. Unknown native hazards of the environment
By what right do the Orokin govern?
A. Through intrinsic superiority
B. This is a Forbidden Question
How many principal Orokin Virtues are there?
A. Three
B. Seven
What are the ideal conditions for contemplating Legems?
A. In a dark place remote from distractions
B. While experiencing the cerebral boost of a light-coil
How should you prepare for Continuity, if chosen?
A. Exercise, bathe, and keep my body pure
B. This is too unlikely to be worth considering
The Tales of Duviri is:
A. Tools for emotional regulation in the event of Void exposure
B. A fun collection of children's stories
In 'Tales of Duviri' King Thrax lacks:
A. The ability to control his emotions
B. Empathy
Why is Mathila excessively joyful?
A. She finds beauty in reality
B. She seeks to avoid reality
What was the Prince of Fire's fatal flaw?
A. He disrespected his superior
B. He failed to master himself
Why is Bombastine the most dangerous Courtier?
A. Envy of another's station undermines the Empire
B. He has venomous blood
What is the key lesson of The Sorrowful Soprano?
A. Sorrow is to be endured, not indulged
B. Sorrow should be rejected at all costs
Does Sythel deserve our contempt?
A. Yes - she is a cringing coward
B. No - her experiences are real to her
What invaded the Galleria?
A. There is no such place
B. Nothing you need to worry your head over
What was the ultimate fate of Albrecht Entrati?
A. He is entombed on Lua
B. That's the question, isn't it, kiddo?
How many fingers are found upon one's hand?
A. Five
B. Where are my fingerbones, kiddo?
Did you forget, kiddo?
A. You owe me.
B. ERROR - RESPONSE NOT FOUND
You wouldn't welch on a deal, would you?
A. *CORRUPT FILE DETECTED*
B. I saved them. All of them. Never said I'd save you.
What is 'the Wall'?
A. The barrier between rational reality and the Void
B. The Wall of Bone in whiKU NOMA ELU RA KAH, MARA LOHK?
Points of Interest
Courtier Locations
The five courtiers of Dominus Thrax can be found in various locations throughout Duviri. They only appear during their non-respective Spirals.
Mathila: Can be found at Mathila's Farm during any Spiral except Joy.
Lodun: Can be found in Upperhaven during any Spiral except Anger.
Bombastine: Can be found entertaining a group of Duviri residents at The Agora during any Spiral except Envy.
Luscinia: Can be found singing in the Chamber of the Muses during any Spiral except Sorrow.
Sythel: Can be found cowering in her home, at the top of the mountain between Titan's Rest and Clustos Arch, during any Spiral except Fear.
Acrithis
Acrithis is a merchant who appears in various locations throughout Duviri in her 32x32pxcarriage. She sells an assortment of Duviri-themed decorations and Captura scenes, Origin System materials, Duviri Arcane Enhancements, a rare Decree, and special weekly offers such as Exilus Adapter, Primary Arcane Adapter, Secondary Arcane Adapter, Forma Blueprint, Kuva, Orokin Catalyst, Orokin Reactor, or Riven Mods.
Upon completion of the main Spiral and defeating the Orowyrm, Acrithis will appear before the Drifter, at the King's Palace.
She can also be found to the left of the entrance to Duviri in the Dormizone.
Archarbor
Appears during Joy, Envy, and Sorrow.
Beneath the Archarbor is the most complex Enigma puzzle.
To open the gates containing this puzzle, the three busts of Dominus Thrax at the edges of the island must be rotated to face the center, and a fourth bust placed in the underground edges must be hacked open.
This puzzle features 8 symbols, but 4 of them are partially hidden by a panel that only shows their center.
The player will also need to make use of multiple discs, as their symbols will not linger once ejected.
The order of each symbols does not matter, and each drum can only contain one correct symbol.
For its higher difficulty, players are awarded 5 Enigma Gyrum.
Amphitheater
Appears during Joy, Envy, Anger, and Fear.
Kullervo's Hold
Appears during Anger, Fear, and Sorrow.
Kullervo's Hold is a prison containing the Warframe Kullervo, lined with seven jail cells each representing his seven "crimes". Speaking to The Warden at the top of the island initiates a boss fight with Kullervo. Defeating Kullervo and the Spiral's Orowyrm will award Kullervo's Bane.
A cave leading out from the prison contains a locked cell containing a Somachord tone. The cell can be unlocked by locating the three busts of Dominus Thrax scattered around the island and rotating them to face the center, then hacking the console outside the cell.
Materlith
Scattered across Duviri, 35x35pxMaterliths are large statues that provide an aura of healing for the Drifter. Acquiring the Rank 4 Drifter Riding Intrinsic unlocks the ability to fast travel to Materliths from the map.
The Undercroft
The Undercroft is an area that exists outside of the surface of Duviri. Dominus Thrax's influence is much weaker there, allowing unrestricted use of Warframes. It features a colorful mixture of Duviri and Zariman Ten Zero tiles.
It is primarily featured during The Circuit. Two stages of the Spiral story also have the player venture into The Undercroft.
3 portals appear outside of the Spiral story, featuring stronger enemies (+25 enemy level, +75 enemy level on The Steel Path, and higher Eximus spawn rate) while serving as a reliable source of Arcane Enhancements. Due to the stronger enemies, these special portals require 7 Decrees to access, excluding the free Decree from Opportunity Intrinsics Rank 3.
Dominus Thrax Statues
Numerous statues of Dominus Thrax can be found scattered throughout Duviri, recognizable by them being posed to raise both arms to the sky. These statues have the word 'bow" written in Orokin on the base. Performing a bowing emote (either Bow or Deep Bow) will cause a Curax Dole resource cache to appear in front of the statue.
Scholar's Landing
Appearing exclusively in Isleweaver, this island was once a laboratory used by Albrecht Entrati during his stay in Duviri, which mysteriously vanished soon after his departure.
Enemies
Dax
Dax are loyal servants of the Dominus Thrax, obeying his each and every command, overseeing order on Duviri. During Isleweaver (The Triumph of Dust), Dax are sometimes summoned to assist the player in fighting The Murmur, in which they disappear after all Murmur are defeated.
Dax Gladius: A rank-and-file soldier who uses the Syam nikana. Preferring to fight up close, their special attacks consist of thrusting a short distance forward as well as plunging their blade into the ground to create an explosion.
Dax Herald: This banner-wielding Dax uses the Edun polearm as their weapon of choice. They are capable of rallying and buffing their fellow Dax, and their special attack consists of rapidly spinning their polearm to project in an arch a field of Void energy on the ground that slowly follows Drifter, initially expanding then shrinking in size.
Dax Arcus: An archer who masterfully wields the Cinta bow to gain an advantage over enemies far away. Their special attacks consists of raining arrow barrages from the sky, charged shots, and leaping back to fire a layer of mines.
Dax Malleus: A hulking Dax that wields the Sampotes hammer. With their special attack, Malleus dashes forward, just like Gladius, albeit a greater distance, knocking any unlucky foes caught in their path off their feet and dealing damage. Malleus can also perform an unblockable attack, slamming the ground with their club for devastating effect. In The Undercroft, the Dax Malleus possesses Overguard.
Dax Equitem: A Kaithe-riding Dax armed with the Azothane, a two-handed nikana. It uses its steed to quickly approach with the blade at the ready, can hurl projectiles, and can teleport. Appearing as a miniboss in Spiral stages, it has three health bars which requires parrying to stun it and then interacting with it to fully remove a bar; on its last bar it becomes dismounted as it summons Dax reinforcements.
In Isleweaver, Dax may spawn on the surface as allies.
Thrax
Hollow Thrax Centurions and Hollow Thrax Legatus are manifestations of the Void that have found their way in Duviri. Legatus are primarily encountered in The Undercroft, while Centurions can appear on the surface, guarding chests or shrines.
Orowyrm
The Orowyrm is a colossal serpent-like creature that patrols the skies of Duviri, serving as the Grand Boss fought at the final stage of a Spiral. They are accompanied by smaller Wyrmlings.
Liminus
Liminus are shadowy humanoid creatures that stalk the caves of Duviri. They leech the life force of their prey, and quickly retreat when attacked.
Corrupted
Normally featured within the Origin System's Void, the Corrupted have made their way into The Undercroft.
The Murmur
Normally featured within Albrecht's Laboratories, the Murmur follow The Indifference after it overtakes Duviri.
New to their ranks is The Unseeing Herald.
Resources
**Notes:**
Players have innate Enemy Radar while in Duviri.
Gear items cannot be used, whether as the Drifter or Warframe. Emotes can still be used, however.
**Tips:**
Drifter Intrinsics provide benefits throughout the journey in Duviri:
Combat improves the Drifter's damage and abilities, including unlocking the ability to temporarily summon the Warframe to Duviri.
Riding provides benefits while mounted on the Kaithe, such as offensive abilities, fast travel, and Loot Radar.
Opportunity unlocks more Decree selections as well as more Warframes and equipment available to choose from in Teshin's Cave.
Endurance increases the Drifter's health, regeneration, and the amount of revives on Duviri.
The AI opponent in Komi can be very difficult, even for those already acquainted with Komi, or the real-world counterpart it's based off of (Go).
300px|thumb|Visual example of Komi strategy to defeat the game's AI.A strategy was developed that nearly guarantees a win. Start by putting your first piece on the bottom left-hand corner of the board, or, in chess terminology, A1 (any corner should work). The AI will attempt to capture your piece by putting theirs in either B1 or A2. Place the second piece in B2, and the AI should play the piece capturing move. Place your third piece in A3, the AI will respond with A1. Then, follow down a straight line starting with C2, and following with D2, E2, and so on until you reach H2. By now the AI should be mimicking your plays with C1, D1, E1, and so on. Your second to last move, after playing H2, will be I3. The AI will play I1, and your final move should be I2; this should win the match with a score of 10-1.
**Trivia:**
Children around the map will recite short rhymes with each other, differing in each spiral. The children of Kullervo's Hold sing a different set of rhymes about Kullervo himself.
During The Duviri Paradox, some Duviri citizens refer to the Drifter as their King, foreshadowing their identity as the creator of Duviri.

## Zariman Ten Zero
Grineer (contested)
Corpus (contested)
Zariman
The Holdfasts
Zariman chant
The Zariman Ten Zero was an Orokin colony ship bound for the Tau System that disappeared into the Void when a Void-Jump Accident occurred. After the incident, its survivors received mysterious powers from the Void and later became the Tenno that control the Warframes and fight for the Origin System.
Following the events of The New War and Angels of the Zariman, the Zariman appeared back into real space without warning, stuck between realities.
A song coming from aboard the ship called out to the inhabitants of the Origin System and both Grineer and Corpus immediately attempted to gain control of the legendary vessel.
It soon became a top priority for the Tenno to reclaim their home, the birthplace of all their power and misery.
There, The Holdfasts, Void manifestations of the Zariman crew who were resurrected through Conceptual Embodiment, work to prevent the Zariman from falling into the wrong hands.
It was introduced as a location in Update 31.5. Permanent access to the Zariman Ten Zero is gained after completion of the Angels of the Zariman quest. It uses a unique tileset.
The Void manifestations that lurk the ship are classified as Zariman, who take increased damage from Void.
Lore and History
Lotus to the Operator during The War Within
left|254x254px
General
In the Orokin's effort to expand their empire, they attempted an experimental Void-Jump with a colony ship, the Zariman Ten Zero. The ship contained many residences for the journey and subsequent colonization of Tau. However, the ship experienced an accident while making "the fold from Saturn to the Outer gates" and vanished into the Void, an incident that would be known as the Void-Jump Accident.
As the ship traveled in the Void, the adults became mind-warped and went feral, although the children were spared from such a fate and instead received mysterious powers from the Void. The adults began to hunt the children on board, forcing them to retaliate and fend for themselves. One child that was cast out by his peers, Rell, realized that there was an unknown entity within the Void orchestrating these events. The entity offered a deal to the player to allow for the survival of the Tenno.
The lost ship re-emerged from the Void days later and was recovered. The Orokin discovered that only the children had survived the voyage and that the Void had twisted and changed them, giving them inexplicable powers and abilities. Feared and reviled, the survivors of the Zariman nonetheless were of great interest to the Orokin. The Orokin may have covered up the incident publicly, reporting that the Zariman instead was a military ship with no children aboard.
Far into the future, the ship re-emerges once again, calling out in a song that draws the attention of the Tenno, the Grineer, and the Corpus alike. A scant amount of Void manifestations of the dead crew, who manage to hold fast and resist the call of the song, are aptly named The Holdfasts, and have dedicated their existence to defending the ship. Other manifestations of the crew that failed to resist, have turned into Void Angels.
Ember Prime's Codex
Ember PrimePrincipal investigator Kaleen was assigned to inspect the disappearance of the Zariman. She initially concluded that its disappearance was due to mechanical failure and closed the case after notifying the families of the crew who had been aboard, but when the Zariman mysteriously returned days later she reopened it and began to inspect the ship.
During her personal inspections of the ship, she found no trace of the original crew but came across children on board the ship, one of whom burned Kaleen, horribly disfiguring her face in the process, when she attempted to "violate procedure" to comfort the children.
The burns left her skin moon white, her mouth a sagging gash without expression, her head scarred and hairless, and she lost her left eye.
She was brought before a military tribunal where she explained the story before being escorted away.
Kaleen snapped at her officer, asking why they "put children on a military ship." They responded, "We didn't. That would violate procedure."
Rhino Prime's Codex
Rhino Prime
Davis was a researcher working in a facility developing metallic creatures, presumably Warframes. At some point during his work, he developed a theory regarding the creatures he and others were working on and the victims of the Zariman. Believing that no one else would ever have believed him, he seemingly released the creature (likely to be Rhino) and allowed it to chase him and an unnamed colleague (who narrates the Codex entry) to a cell.
The creature mysteriously went calm after approaching the cell. His experiment seemingly successful, Davis tells his unnamed colleague that "This is where they keep them. The ones from the Zariman", and that because of this success both of them would receive "big, fat promotions."
Margulis
While most of the Orokin feared the survivors of the Zariman, the elite scholar Archimedean Margulis did not, adopting them as if they were her own children. Initial experiments on how to tame the children's powers though led to several accidents that were even fatal at times, including Margulis becoming blinded, which showed the danger their uncontrolled powers could wreak both on themselves and on others. However, Margulis continued to persevere for the children.
Ultimately, it was through her research that the children learned to control their powers through dreams.
She later developed Transference, a process that allows the children to transfer their consciousness and powers into the Warframes to act as a surrogate body.
The children would be placed into a device known as the Somatic Link to project their Transference, which would be hidden in a facility called the Reservoir on Lua, to control their surrogate bodies in a secure location away from their enemies.
This control of the surrogate body felt like waking up from the Dream, but it was only a lucid, Second Dream.
However, the Orokin did not take kindly to Margulis's defense of the children. Her lover, Executor Ballas tried to persuade her away, but she refused. Margulis would be executed and vaporized by the Jade Light, but her final thoughts were of her children.
While Ballas heavily resented the children as well as the Orokin for the death of his lover, he nonetheless continued Margulis's work on Transference and developed the Warframes.
The New War
During flashbacks, it is revealed that the Zariman Ten Zero housed thousands of families and children that were scheduled to be transported to the Tau System, suggesting that the ship was not in fact a military ship as the Orokin and the officers claimed, but a colonisation one instead.
The children aboard attended classrooms where, under their teacher Cephalon Melica, they learned from a curriculum consisting of the Orokin's understanding of the Void, including "Temporal Axioms" and "Phasics" to prepare them for the journey.
During the children's Temporal Axioms exam, Zariman Actual interrupted the class to initiate a routine Reliquary field drill.
However, something went wrong with the Void-Jump and the ship was lost to the Void "fold."
During the ensuing chaos, some of the surviving children barricaded themselves inside their classroom while the adults went mad and fought each other throughout the ship.
The Man in the Wall appeared before one of these trapped children (the player), confirming that at least one child other than Rell could see them at the time, where the entity then offered to save the children.
The deal was accepted and all the other children were saved, but because of the entity's choice of wording, and under the concept of Eternalism, two simultaneous realities unfolded: one where the child who accepted the deal was saved along with the rest of the children, and one where the entity did not save the child.
The children who were saved obtained legendary Void powers from the entity, and would eventually be rescued, becoming the Tenno.
However, the version of the child who wasn't saved would continue to live and survive alone aboard the Zariman, growing older without any Void powers.
This survivor became known as the Drifter.
During the events of The New War, after Ballas throws the Operator into the Void, the Drifter was able to emerge from the Zariman and take the Operator's place for a period of time through unexplained means.
The Operator eventually finds their way back to the Zariman, where they were able to meet the Drifter inside their old living quarters.
There they learn that due to the paradoxical nature of their existence, only one of them can exist outside the Void at a time, and from then on their existences are linked, allowing them to continue to swap positions at will.
Zariman ARG
Recovered Zariman logs
Angels of the Zariman
Due to events that transpired during The New War, the Zariman suddenly appears from the Void fold once again, accessible from the material world.
It is unclear whether the cutscene, at the beginning of the Angels of The Zariman quest, is of the appearance of the Zariman between acts one and two of the New War quest, or whether it disappeared after the events of the New War, only to appear again in the cutscene.
The appearance of the fabled ship draws the attention of scavenging Kuva Grineer and Corpus, while a strange song emanating from within attracts the attention of the Tenno and the Lotus.
Once aboard, the Tenno finds that the Grineer had arrived first, loses the Lotus' signal, and meets The Holdfasts, the last remaining survivors of the Zariman's crew who were known to be dead.
Led by Quinn, they are void manifestations that exist in a form in-between life and death, defending the Zariman from that which would destroy it, including the Void itself.
They inform the Tenno that the Zariman is suffering a Void Cascade that threatens reality itself, accelerated by the Void Angels such as Kira, who was a former member of the Holdfasts before succumbing to the Void's call.
The Tenno is able to stop the Void Cascade with their powers, but the Angels proceed to break through the Albrecht Membrane and cause a Void Flood.
After sealing the flood, the invading Grineer along with Kira begin a Void Armageddon and head to attack the Reliquary Drive powering the Zariman directly.
Cavalero of the Holdfasts explains that while the Zariman was a colony ship and not provided weapons, the Reliquary Drive was too important to leave unguarded and so it was equipped with Auto-Fabricating Armaments.
Using the Armaments, the Tenno is able to successfully defend the Reliquary Drive from the encroaching Grineer troops and destroy Kira, putting a stop to the song and the threat.
Quinn suggests creating a memorial for everyone that was lost in Kira's favorite location, which the Tenno visits to honor them.
Archimedean Yonta explains that the Zariman cannot be moved from its location close to the Void without catastrophic consequences for the rest of the system, and so it is left from then on as a fortress against both the Void and the enemies of the Tenno.
Compartments
The Greenway
The Greenway is the green house zone of the Zariman. Its agri-biomes were used to grow food for the passengers. During its maiden voyage, it was exposed to the vacuum of space in an attempt to turn the ship back around. This in turn killed all of the crops, and left the passengers starving.
Tuvul Commons
The main habitation zone of the Zariman. Each passenger was given a Dormizone to call their own, along with a plethora of decorations.
Everview Arc
Everview Arc appears to be the main gathering place of the Zariman. Passengers can play Lunaro and visit monuments of historic Orokin figures.
Halako Perimeter
Halako Perimeter is the main education zone of the Zariman. It's filled with classrooms, and a schoolyard fitted with a running track.
Oro Works
The main engine room of the Zariman, the Oro Works housed the Zariman's Reliquary. Since the ships reappearance, the Reliquary has since been heavily corrupted.
Enemies
Missions
Zariman
Rewards
Zariman Ten Zero/Rewards
Bounties
Bounty#Chrysalith Bounties (Zariman Ten Zero)
Tileset Features
Zariman (Tileset)#Features
**Notes:**
Tenno can access Zariman's Steel Path missions in either the Orbiter's Navigation or the Zariman Navigation console.
When accepting a Bounty from Quinn, a portal will appear behind him that teleports the player in front of the Zariman elevator. Similarly, when returning from a mission, a portal will appear to teleport the player in front of Quinn.
Players can solo extract from all Zariman missions, including non-endless, by interfacing with the elevator console.
If initiated as the host, a 60 second countdown will begin, giving other players time to extract before host migration occurs.
**Trivia:**
The term Tenno is loosely derived from its designation number Ten-Zero (10-0, "ten-oh").
Based on the image of the ship in the Vitruvian, it heavily resembles a ship that makes an appearance in the original concept video for Digital Extremes's previous successful video game, Dark Sector.
Zari word also means a fabric woven with fine gold or silver, originate from traditional Indian, Bangladeshi and Pakistani garments.
During The Duviri Paradox trailer, the ship can be seen at the far distance on the vast alien landscape, presumably inside the Void.
The ship is lodged partially inside of the Void and the material world at the same time through a Void fold, existing in two planes of existence at once. This might be a basis for a 'paradox'.
In addition, the version seen in the trailer is colored quite differently from the version seen in the Chains of Harrow comic. In the trailer, the ship uses a traditional Orokin ivory and gold color scheme, while in the comic it features a less ornamental, metallic scheme.
The Zariman Ten-Zero is arguably the first major Star Chart location that may be considered Tenno-controlled (albeit frequently under attack), with other locations being dominated by the Grineer, Corpus, Infested or even the long deposed Orokin with the Orokin Void.
Arguably, the Veil Proxima is Sentient territory, but also contested.
The Zariman Ten-Zero is unique in a sense that despite its being at a fixed location, the Tenno can access it without needing a Solar Rail Junction, as they already have access to Railjacks by the timeline of The New War. The Kuva Fortress, on the other hand, will always stay close to the Origin System's planets and moons.
Zariman Ten-Zero's Reliquary Drive is visibly far larger than that of the Railjack, probably to proportionally fit the heavier requirements of the colony ship.
The various gilded decorations and embellishments surrounding the Drive are similar to those found in the Necralisk, home of the Entrati. Albrecht Entrati, ancestor of the family, was the first Orokin to experiment and travel into the Void, so it would seem likely that they would construct the Drive for the Zariman.
A strange looking device of Grineer origin can be found near the main power source of the drive, with a thin red needle piercing it. The device appears to be draining Kuva, or a similar red-and-black fluid, from the finger.
After the quest mission to stop this, the needle is now broken and sits on the floor below on subsequent missions.
Despite its larger capability, it seems to be common knowledge that the Reliquary Drive is only capable of performing safely when used for interplanetary travel, and not for interstellar travel. This presumably caused the colonists to protest out of fear. However, Archimedean Yonta believes that long jumps are safe and seems to be willing to try the jump again.
According to Executor Tuvul, the Zariman Ten Zero is supposed to bring the first group of colonists, as pioneers, to Tau System. After these colonists arrive at the destination, they would build an extra Solar Rail, so more colonists and the Orokin themselves can easily and safely travel between Origin System and Tau, without the need of the Reliquary Drive.
As it turned out during the The Old Peace quest, Tau Solar Rail had been constructed and completed, some time before the peace treaty, by the Sentients, who served as both labors and parts.
The backstory of the Zariman's inhabitants losing their sanity is probably inspired by the film Event Horizon, where the previous crew went insane following a disastrous FTL jump.
According to The Old Peace quest, World-Seeders and colony ships bound for Tau were designated with the name "Zariman" followed by numbers.
During The Old Peace quest, one World-Seeder was explicitly mentioned by the name Zariman Five-Nine which serves as Galastra's main base. Margulis also calls the World-Seeders as "the Zariman Ova".
The Zariman has a profile similar to the Kushan mothership from the game Homeworld, a possible inspiration for the design.

## Conservation
Clarify hunting in the open world without echo lures, when fauna spawns near the player they will always audibly cry out. The audible cry is spawn-based, not proximity-based.
The Business
Master Teasonai
Son
Conservation is a non-combat activity available in Landscapes that involves tranquilizing (and, for optionally-targeted conservation, tracking and luring) and capturing the local fauna alive, to be protected from the habitat destruction caused by Corpus, Grineer, and Infested activities.
Mechanics
Tranq Rifle
Preparing to Hunt
Once players have enough Standing with Solaris United in Fortuna or Entrati in Necralisk they will need to purchase a Tranq Rifle from The Business or Son respectively. Aside from this, they can acquire additional gear to partake in the full targeted activity:
Echo-Lures are reusable gear items that target specific animals to hunt and may be purchased from The Business for Orb Vallis animals, Master Teasonai for Plains of Eidolon animals, or Son for Cambion Drift, for players with enough Standing with those factions.
Pheromone Synthesizers (Orb Vallis), Pheromone Oota (Plains of Eidolon), and Pheromone Gland (Cambion Drift) are one-use gear items that increase the chance of rarer animals spawning. They are purchased from the above reputation vendors for standing.
Only the Tranq Rifle and Echo-Lures are needed for the activity. Pheromones are optional.
Once a Tranq Rifle and Echo-Lure have been purchased, players can equip them in the Gear menu through their Arsenal. Note that it is not necessary to equip more than one item, as all available Echo-Lures and the rifle will be selectable through the conservation menu once any of them has been readied.
Now properly equipped, players can head out into the Landscape to begin.
Once the player has armed themselves with a Tranq Rifle (default hold Q and select the rifle), the conservation gear menu will automatically appear on the bottom right of the screen, indicating the Tranq Rifle and currently equipped Echo-Lure.
Players can change their current selection by holding the respective key (1 for Tranq Rifle, 2 for Echo-Lures, or 3 for Pheromones), while pressing the respective key will ready that displayed item.
Consequently, use of Warframe abilities (bound to the number keys) will be suppressed while equipped with a conservation item, but any alternative 'last/selected ability' and 'next/previous ability' keys may still be used.
Equipping the Tranq Rifle will highlight animal tracking spots on the map for any Echo-Lures in possession, indicated by unique animal-specific icons at the start points of the activity, but also being useful to find animals without the full activity. Equipping the Echo-Lure will only show start points for the selected animal type.
Capturing Fauna
Fauna can be encountered when roaming, signified by the creature's audible sound, and the player only needs to use their Tranq Rifle on them. If they see or hear the player, the animal will attempt to flee, and animals that are tranquilized before noticing the player result in a "perfect capture" and provide the maximum reward. However, the rarest subspecies of Orb Vallis fauna (e.g. Subterranean Pobbers and Kubrodon Incarnadines) do not roam, due to being driven to near extinction.
Optionally, the full tracking activity can be performed by interacting with the start point of a trail, especially being required to capture the rarest subspecies. After interacting, there are four steps involved in capturing a creature:
The player must locate a calling point within the marked area. A trail of footprints will appear from the starting trail, leading to the calling point. The calling point can also be located and scanned through a Codex Scanner or Synthesis Scanner.
On reaching the calling point, the player must lure out the creature using an Echo-Lure corresponding to the creature. After a short wait, the creature will call back and a "lure guide bar" appears on the pitch monitor, and following the pitch changes by aiming up or down will ensure the target creature is attracted.
If the player has a Pheromone, they can use it here before calling the animal to increase the chance of spawning a rarer variant of that animal.
The creature will spawn and approach the calling point, and the player should get to a vantage point out of sight and equip the Tranq Rifle to stealthily capture the creature. If they see or hear the player, the quarry will attempt to flee.
The creature will spawn in the direction that it calls from, so listen closely to the calls it makes and reposition yourself to avoid being seen or smelled.
The shot has minor travel time, so be sure to lead any moving targets.
The Tranq Rifle is innately silent, so quarry won't be alerted if the shot misses.
Be mindful of the direction of the wind, as they can carry the player's scent towards the fauna causing it to be suspicious. The direction can be checked by looking for where dust pickups, plants, or the player's own Syandana are blowing towards.
The point at which the creature spawns is the best time for a player to immediately use their Warframe's invisibility ability (such as Ivara's Prowl), if available.
Once the creature has been tranquilized, the player can safely approach them and call for a remote pickup. The quality of the capture depends on how startled the creature was when caught.
A "Perfect" rating is given if the fauna never sensed the player and no Warframe abilities were used to tranquilize the creature (except for Ivara's Quiver, Navigator, and Prowl, Baruuk's Lull, and Night form Equinox's Rest & Rage).
A "Good" rating is given if the fauna has seen or smelled the player or if various Warframe abilities were used to tranquilize it.
A "Bad" rating is given if the fauna was hurt or if the player has taken a significant amount of time to catch the fauna.
The tranquilizing effects last for a short amount of time and once it wears off the creature will get up and flee.
Animal Rarity
Each animal has three variants. The following table shows approximate spawn chances.
Cambion Drift rarer variants of Predasite, Vulpaphyla, Avichaea, and Undazoa are affected by the appearance of Fass and Vome, of which only one rare variant will appear.
Rewards
When a creature is caught, any player within Affinity Range is awarded Standing (if applicable) and species-specific tags (which can be affected by a Resource Booster and Loyal Retriever/Resourceful Retriever) in proportion to capture quality. Son also sells a selection of tags under Today's Special for.
Tags can be redeemed with Master Teasonai, The Business, and Son for Orbiter Floofs, Emblems, and Beast Claw Mods.
teasonaiags
teasonaitags
biztags
biztags
sontags
sontags
Duviri
Conservation in Duviri does not use the Tranq Rifle. Instead, the wildlife have been tainted by Void corruption, producing a sentry-like gaze and will flee from the player if they spot them. Koral will alert the player if a Void-corrupted animal is nearby.
The wildlife, which appears as either a Krubie, a Kexat, or a Tamm, can be approached with stealth to interact with them.
If spotted, the player will need to destroy the three orbs surrounding them in order to subdue them.
Once interacted, the player is prompted a quick-time event to remove the corruption (default tap E, can be changed to hold in Settings > Accessibility > "Repeated Button Presses").
Purified wildlife can be petted, who will then lead the player to a treasure chest containing 3 Drifter Intrinsics, Duviri resources, and a Decree.
Non-hostile wildlife can appear throughout Duviri. They can be freely pet and do not react to attacks, nor can they be harmed.
duviriconservation
These are are based on opinions and may not be 100% true. These should be viewed as advice for finding the resource until better facts are proven.
Duviri Conservation tasks appear in fixed locations around Duviri, though only a few will be active per instance. One such location is near the centre of Royalstead Pastures; another is west of the road running from Primrose Village to Moirai Crossing; and another is in a ravine west of Titan's Rest.
It has been reported that Duviri Conservation targets (which are also sought after for Nightwave) are more commonly found near Royalstead Pastures and Chamber of Muses.
Plains of Eidolon Species
Kuaka
"A timid rodent that is easily frightened."
When roaming, Kuaka may appear in groups of one through three, but when called from a calling point three will always spawn.
right|200px
A common Kuaka subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Kuaka subspecies. They dislike light and have adapted to living underground.
right|200px
A very rare Kuaka subspecies. Named for their rarity and preponderance for disappearing, and almost never visit the surface.
Condroc
"A carrion-eater and opportunistic bird-of-prey. Condrocs gather, feed upon carrion, and occasionally, hunt in groups known as 'committees'. Several committees will be led by an Emperor."
When roaming, Condrocs may appear in groups of one through four and are already stationed on the ground, but when called from a calling point only one will spawn.
Condrocs are a flying species, making them difficult to capture until they land at the calling point.
right|200px
A common Condroc subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Condroc subspecies. Prefers to hunt alone.
right|200px
A very rare Condroc subspecies. Commands a number of Condroc committees.
Mergoo
"An avian of ridiculous appearance found along coastal regions and around large bodies of water. Mergoo circle and squawk at the sight of marine predators. Many an Ostron fisher owes their lives to these odd little birds. Killing one is considered very bad luck."
Like Condrocs, Mergoo are a flying species, making them difficult to capture until they land at the calling point.
When roaming, Mergoo may spawn in pairs, but when called from a calling point only one will spawn.
right|200px
A common Mergoo subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Mergoo subspecies. Their plumage makes them difficult for hunters to spot them among foliage.
right|200px
A very rare Mergoo subspecies. A highly social specimen.
Vasca Kavat
"The Vasca strain is a symbiotic blood-borne virus transmitted via the saliva of infected kavats. Existing solely to propagate itself the virus makes the host increasingly dependent upon the ingestion of blood, thereby spreading itself further and faster through the population. Vasca-infected kavats, over time, lose all sense of themselves becoming increasingly cunning, violent and ravenous."
Vasca Kavats only appear during nighttime in the Plains of Eidolon.
Additionally, Vasca Kavats are resistant to Warframe Abilities, with their sleep duration being reduced to half of its potency. For example, Ivara's Quiver with 20 seconds would be reduced to 10 seconds. This resistance can accumulate, causing consecutive use of the same Ability to have even less duration, eventually becoming outright immune.
When roaming, Vasca Kavats may appear in groups of one through four, but when called from a calling point only one will spawn.
right|200px
A common Vasca Kavat subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Vasca Kavat subspecies.
right|200px
A very rare Vasca Kavat subspecies.
Orb Vallis Species
Pobber
"Native to the fungal forests of Venus, the Pobber is a skittish rodent possessed of an objectionable odor. Always found in groups, they flee at the slightest hint of trouble. They are a primary food source for the Virmink and Sawgaw."
When roaming, Pobbers may appear in groups of one through three, but when called from a calling point three will always spawn.
right|200px
A common Pobber subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Pobber subspecies. A descendant of an Orokin domesticated strain that is less odorous with a sweeter temperament, but far less hardy.
right|200px
A very rare Pobber subspecies. They have adapted to living underground, away from their natural predators.
Virmink
"Sleek and silky, the adorable appearance of the Venusian Virmink belies its aggressive demeanor. Favoring rocky landscapes Virmink packs nose the air, scenting for Pobbers - their primary food source."
right|200px
A common Virmink subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Virmink subspecies. Their pelts are favored by the Corpus.
right|200px
A very rare Virmink subspecies. An original Orokin strain thought to be extinct during the Orokin Era, and for millennia thereafter, they have been preserved and revived alongside the Orb Vallis.
Sawgaw
"'Soar Gore' as the Solaris call it, this crimson-faced bird of prey circles and stalks the cliffs and fungal groves of Venus, searching for rodent prey."
Sawgaws are a flying species, making them difficult to capture until they land somewhere. They usually prefer to perch on top of the giant mushrooms.
When roaming, Sawgaws may appear in groups of one through three and are sometimes already stationed on the ground, but when called from a calling point only one will spawn.
right|200px
A common Sawgaw subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Sawgaw subspecies. An alpha more formidable than the Common and Flossy varities.
right|200px
A very rare Sawgaw subspecies. Once thought to be extinct due to lack of mates in hopes of breeding them, in addition being exterminated by the Corpus in the name of profit.
Bolarola
"Favoring thunder, lightning and cratered-out areas Bolarolas are all about defense. Their armored plates protect them from most predators, tucking-and-rolling to make good their escape."
Bolarolas are covered in an armored plating that neutralizes tranquilizing shots. Only their underbellies are vulnerable, and they will occasionally lean back to expose this weakness. Should they sense danger they will curl up to shield themselves, and when fleeing they will roll away.
right|200px
A common Bolarola subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Bolarola subspecies. Their black plates are said to be used in Grineer formal wear.
right|200px
A very rare Bolarola subspecies. Their spines have evolved into thorn-like barbs that give them an even greater defense.
Horrasque
"This hideous creature is terrible to behold but will not attack unless provoked. When it does, its roar will shake the bowels of even the most steadfast tracker."
Between the starting point and the calling point, a trail of Toxin damaging scat will line next to their footprints.
Horrasques will crawl underground, periodically exposing their heads. If they reach the calling point they will surface and expose their whole body, making perfect captures much easier. Must be shot twice with the Tranq Rifle to be brought down.
right|200px
A common Horrasque subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Horrasque subspecies. Horrasques are not known to be the most graceful of swimmers, but this species persists.
right|200px
A very rare Horrasque subspecies. Hunted to near extinction due to the insulating properties of their hide.
Stover
"The Stover is a kind of proto-Kubrow that resurrected when Venus thawed. When grouped in a pack, Stovers are relentless opponents."
Stovers make their appearances within caves, whose narrow passageways make confrontation almost unavoidable. Instead of immediately fleeing, they will viciously attack their pursuers. Must be shot twice with the Tranq Rifle to be brought down.
right|200px
A common Stover subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Stover subspecies. Often intimidates any other Stovers due to bossy behavior.
right|200px
A very rare Stover subspecies. Often being referred to as "majestic".
Kubrodon
"The apex predator of the Venusian plains. These massively framed beasts travel in groups and mark the territory surrounding Orokin cooling towers as their own. Kubrodons are a danger best avoided."
True to its status as the apex predator, the Kubrodon's more acute sense of smell allows them to locate their pursuers, and will use a ramming attack to make good their escape. Must be shot twice with the Tranq Rifle to be brought down.
Additionally, Kubrodons are resistant to Warframe Abilities, with their sleep duration being reduced to 1/4th of its potency. For example, Ivara's Quiver with 20 seconds would be reduced to 5 seconds. This resistance can accumulate, causing consecutive use of the same Ability to have even less duration, eventually becoming outright immune.
Despite being mentioned to travel in groups, only one Kubrodon will respond to the lure's call.
right|200px
A common Kubrodon subspecies.
right|200px
A rare Kubdrodon subspecies. Unimaginatively named due to not being found anywhere outside Orb Vallis.
right|200px
A very rare Kubrodon subspecies. Feared across the Orb Vallis, they are possessed of a particular malevolence, a dark intelligence, and kill not for survival, but solely for the sake of pleasure.
Cambion Drift Species
All species in the wild can appear in groups of 1-3. When called from a lure, Cryptilex, Avichaea, and Undazoas can appear in groups of 2-4.
Unlike the small and timid Kuakas or Pobbers, the Cryptilex are an aggressive species that will relentlessly attack their pursuers. Companions will not attack Cryptilexes directly, though they may kill them if they attempt to engage an enemy while armed with explosive weapons such as the Helstrum.
Vulpaphylas can be attacked by the Infested before or after sedating, causing them to become "Weakened". Capturing a Vulpaphyla in this state allows them to be used as a modular Companion through a process called Revivification with Son.
Similar to Orb Vallis Kubrodons, Predasites are not afraid to attack their pursuers, and they must be shot twice with the Tranq Rifle to be brought down.
They are also resistant to Warframe Abilities, with their sleep duration being reduced to 1/4th of its potency. For example, Ivara's Quiver with 20 seconds would be reduced to 5 seconds. This resistance can accumulate, causing consecutive use of the same Ability to have even less duration, eventually becoming outright immune.
Predasites can be attacked by the Infested before or after sedating, causing them to become "Weakened". Capturing a Predasite in this state allows them to be used as a modular Companion through a process called Revivification with Son.
Avichaeas are a flying species, making them difficult to capture until they land somewhere.
There is no Echo-Lure associated with Velocipods, meaning they can only be found in the wild. They are gentle and do not attack, nor do they try to run away, even allowing Tenno to mount them like a K-Drive. They are typically found at higher altitudes and may be resting on the rocks, or if they are more active, will be at junctions in waterways.
The Undazoa is a slow lumbering species that require two Tranq Rifle shots to capture.
There is no Echo-Lure associated with Nexiferas, meaning they can only be found in the wild. They are found inside cave complexes, hanging on the ceiling. A neon green puddle appears below them, which when walked over will prompt the Nexifera to dive and attack, then retract and burrow into the ceiling. Their armored carapace neutralizes tranquilizing shots, forcing Tenno to bait them to descend and reveal their fleshy tendrils attached to the ceiling.
Cryptilexes occasionally spawn near the puddles and will often trigger the Nexifera's dive, killing them. To obtain a perfect capture it is required to keep enough distance to the Nexifera' once it descends. This could be accomplished by quickly running over the puddle with the Archwing and tranquilizing the exposed part.
Equipment
The Tranq Rifle can be purchased from The Business or from Son for standing. Echo-Lures, as well as Pheromone Oota, Pheromone Synthesizers, and Pheromone Glands can be purchased from Master Teasonai, The Business and Son respectively.
The Rifle is used to nonlethally put a creature to sleep.
Echo-Lures are used to draw a specific creature out of hiding.
Pheromones are used before the Echo-Lure to increase the chance of attracting rarer subspecies.
The Tranq Rifle is innately silent and has 3 rounds in its magazine, with a reload time of 2 seconds. When zoomed in (RMB), the rifle scans for fauna, with a greater detection range than Codex Scanners and Synthesis Scanners, and makes an audible beeping noise if any are close by, as well as highlighting the creature with a yellow pulse in time with the beeping, visible even through terrain obstacles.
Master Teasonai
The Business
Son
**Notes:**
Most creatures are found at their base level of 1 and their health is usually low enough to be killed in a single hit, and Master Teasonai, The Business, or Son will reprimand the player should they do so.
The Tranq Rifle appears to not deal 0 damage but an extremely small amount of damage; less than 1 but technically greater than 0.
Therefore, while "bonus damage on next shot" effects (be it from Mods, Abilities, or Volt's Passive) the damage of the Tranq Rifle can still be increased by the Violet Archon Shard Electricity damage bonus and can deal damage/status effects from Cyte-09's Resupply if any Violet Shards are equipped.
While the resulting damage is low even with 3+ Tauforged shards this is still enough to prevent Perfect captures.
As soon as the player interacts with a tranquilized creature to capture it, it will become invulnerable to damage, preventing players or enemies from killing the animal by accident during the recovery.
When zoomed in with the Tranq Rifle and wildlife are within 180 meters, the scope will produce an audible beep and creatures that are in sight will flash yellow through terrain. Creatures in range but out of sight are identified with a paw icon and a direction marker.
If the player interacts with a starting point and leaves its general area for a period of time, the tracking will be canceled.
Horrasque's Toxic Scat is both scannable and destructible.
Upon capturing Kuakas, Condrocs, or Mergoos they may drop Energy Orbs.
Resource Boosters and some Retriever Mods affect the amount of animal tags collected from any capture.
**Tips:**
Ally Highlight setting in the Accessibility tab affects animals, which makes it easier to spot them.
Bringing a Beast companion equipped with Resourceful Retriever or Loyal Retriever, can increase tag gains.
To find a specific animal, use the appropriate Echo-Lure to highlight the specific trail nodes rather than the Tranq Rifle.
Grineer, Corpus, or Infested enemies should be cleared before calling the creature, as they may attack it and chase them off.
Grineer have significantly reduced spawns during nighttime in the Plains of Eidolon.
If attempting to acquire a "Weakened" Predasite or Vulpaphyla, lure Infested enemies before calling, then wait for them to attack the creature before capturing it.
Animals can be affected by immobilizing Warframe Abilities such as:
Ivara's Sleep Arrow, Equinox's Rest, or Baruuk's Lull, which will tranquilize them from a single use, even if the creature requires multiple Tranq Rifle darts to subdue.
Their area of effect nature also bypasses Bolarola's and Nexifera's armor, and affects underground Horrasques and creatures traveling in packs.
Trinity's Well of Life can suspend creatures harmlessly off the ground.
Excalibur's Radial Blind or Excalibur Umbra's Radial Howl can inflict a harmless stun.
Equinox's Peaceful Provocation augment, Nova's Molecular Prime, or Sevagoth's Gloom can slow creatures down.
Revenant's Enthrall can also pacify creatures to not be scared away.
However, using Warframe Abilities on the creature will decrease the quality of capture.
This does not apply to Ivara's Sleep Arrow, Equinox's Rest, and Baruuk's Lull.
Enemy Sense, Vigilante Pursuit, Enemy Radar, and Ivara's Passive work on conservation targets.
Ivara's Navigator can pilot the Tranq Rifle projectile.
The Tranq Rifle's innate silence does not break Ivara's Prowl.
The Tranq Rifle can be equipped while the Archwing is in use.
Helios and Helios Prime can auto-scan dung, calling points, and wildlife with Investigator.
To spawn tier 1 variants, use the Echo-Lure only. To spawn tier 2 variants, use the Pheromone but be slightly inaccurate with your Echo-Lure callback. To spawn tier 3 variants, use a Pheromone and use your Echo-Lure as accurately as possible.
**Trivia:**
Conservation was introduced in Update 24 (2018-11-08) and was originally exclusive to Orb Vallis, only being added to the Plains of Eidolon in Update 24.6.
At first, the only creatures players could capture on the Vallis were Pobbers, Virmink, Bolarolas, and Kubrodons. Sawgaws, Horrasques, and Stovers were be added in Update 24.2. Even before the update, however, The Business would mention Sawgaws when the player was looking for Pobbers, and a male Dappled Horrasque can be seen sleeping in The Business's stall back in Fortuna.
Prior to Update 24.6, Kuakas and Condrocs could be encountered in the Plains, but players were limited to killing them for their drops or leaving them be.
Master Teasonai, The Business, and Son have different ideals toward conservation: Master Teasonai prefers to prioritize maintaining a balanced ecosystem, The Business wishes to preserve the wildlife at any cost, and Son wishes to acquire samples in order to understand Deimos for himself.
The Business's ideal is somewhat ironic, considering that he originally worked for the "strategic deletion of life".
The Ventkids have subdivisions named after the Pobbers and Kubrodons.
According to The Business's dialogue when a Red-Crested Virmink is successfully captured, the fauna on Venus, and presumably on other planets, was originally created/engineered by the Orokin using a device called Geneforge.
This suggestion emphasizes the superiority of Orokin technology in genetic engineering. As mentioned several times throughout the game, they can create obedient subjects like Dax Soldiers, or something more sinister, such as the Infestation.
The Grineer partially inherited this technology when they rebelled. It is mentioned that every Grineer is engineered to be violent and to unquestioningly obey the Grineer Queens.
The Cryptilex found on Deimos use the same Model as that of player-aligned Maggots spawned by Nidus's Ravenous ability and the Helminth Charger Strain Set.
Allied Necramechs on Deimos occasionally attacks wildlife as if they are Infested enemies.
Similarly, Nexiferas share the same model as the infested tendril growths spawned from the ground when using the same ability.
The Duviri wildlife's Krubies, Kexats, and Tamms are Duviri-style versions of Kubrows, Kavats, and Rams, named after the incorrect pronunciations that a young child would make when trying to say their names.
-kZ7xASshP8

## Mining
Smokefinger
Mining is a non-combat activity that allows players to excavate various minerals and ores that are used as resources in Cetus, Fortuna, or the Necralisk. It can be performed in the Plains of Eidolon, the Orb Vallis, and the Cambion Drift.
Mechanics
Gear Acquisition
Before players can begin mining, they must first acquire a Nosam Cutter from Old Man Suumbaat in Cetus for Ostron standing, or a Sunpoint Plasma Drill from Smokefinger in Fortuna for Solaris United standing. Players must then equip the mining tool in their Gear Wheel to use it.
The Sunpoint Plasma Drill is superior to the Nosam Cutters: it can mine Very Rare gems, includes the features of other Cutters, can be upgraded, and can be purchased earlier than most other Cutters as it does not require any Syndicate ranks. It also has the slowest drill progress, making precise timing easier. It does, however, require at least 2,500 Standing with Solaris United to be able to purchase, which could involve multiple Bounty Missions.
Acquiring a Basic Nosam Cutter in Cetus for a much simpler 500 Standing (low enough to be gained during Saya's Vigil) and mining Venus gems that can be traded in for Standing is a quick way to get the Sunpoint Plasma Drill. Note that a Nosam Cutter and a Sunpoint Plasma Drill cannot be equipped at the same time.
Finding Veins
Out on the Plains, Vallis, or Drift, players have several means of finding resource deposits.
Veins stand out visually as bright colored spots surrounded by light grey patches on rocks and rock formations. Red and yellow spots denote Ores, while Blue spots denote Gems. Note that the various fossilized Sentient bones littering the Plains are not rocks (despite bearing a superficial resemblance to them) and will not have any mineral veins.
Mining tools have several features to find minerals from a distance. Equipping a Sunpoint Plasma Drill or a Nosam Cutter (default hold Q and select the desired Cutter) will bring up a HUD with the following features:
The left side of the HUD will display icons of rocks indicating the number of mineral deposits within the detector's range (higher tiers of Cutters have an increased detectable number).
The right side of the HUD is equipped with a rangefinder that shows the distance to the closest detected mineral vein (higher tiers of Cutters have an increased detection range).
An audible repeating tick (akin to a metal detector) will be heard if the detector is within range of a deposit. This sound will grow in pitch if the player is looking in the direction of the vein, and tick more frequently the closer player is to the source.
When unzoomed, a faint diamond-shape object will appear over veins that are within your field of view.
Higher grade Cutters will also display a gemstone icon on your Minimap when you are close enough, making it much easier to find the deposit.
Mining Process
thumb|right|Mining minigame
thumb|right|Perfect score
Update 24 patch notes
Once the player has located a vein, they can begin mining it by equipping their Cutter, and then zooming in on the vein (default hold RMB). This will reveal 1 to 3 blue drilling spots. You must aim onto a drilling spot, then press and hold the fire button (default LMB) while remaining still. A ring of unlit colored lights with white brackets will appear. You can also press the Secondary Fire button after zooming in to adjust the magnification of the zoom (default MMB).
The goal is to stop firing when the colored lights reach as close to the middle of these white brackets as possible.
The brackets can sometimes be moving or changing in size, presenting a challenge in hitting the desired spot.
Occasionally, these brackets can also be accompanied by a second, smaller bonus bracket, which players can attempt to hit instead of the larger brackets for additional rewards.
Completing a bonus bracket will always give an additional gem, regardless of vein type.
Bonus bracket chance is determined by the Cutter used.
A progress gauge will fill up at the top of the Cutter's HUD, composed of 5 small mineral icons determining the amount of resources gained and the quality of the deposit that was just mined, all affected by the timing of the cut.
The mining is completed once the yellow gem bar fills up, which will reward a random mineral, either Ore or Gem depending on whether an Ore or Gem deposit was mined.
Additionally, successfully hitting the bonus brackets during mining will grant additional gem rewards on completion, even on Ore veins.
The more accurate the timing during mining, the higher the amount of minerals will be given upon completion. Players can halt cutting at any time, however doing so will immediately "complete" the drilling spot that was cut into, preventing a retry of that spot, and thus reducing the quantity of extracted minerals. This makes uninterrupted cutting most desirable, after clearing the immediate area of enemies.
The result of the mining is determined by different factors:
Using an Advanced Nosam Cutter or Sunpoint Plasma Drill has a 15% and 20% chance respectively to give a special tier gem instead of a common, uncommon, or rare tier gem.
The usual calculation is to first multiply the total amount of filling of small icons by the multiplier of the resource type and then rounding the result to the upper integer number.
Blue veins have a 1x multiplier and Red veins have 2x. Some resources have no multiplier as there can only be 1 gain, such as Nyth.
For example, Coprun has a 2x multiplier and 10 maximum gain from a vein. If the total amount of filling is just below 3 full icons by a small amount then the result will be 6. And if it is above 3 by just a small amount then it will be 7.
Minimum yield is affected by the distance of the vein to the hub entrance, while maximum yield is not.
Red Veins:
Always have a maximum yield of 10.
Have a minimum yield of 3 near the hub entrance, which scales up to a minimum yield of 6 when far away from the hub entrance.
Blue Veins:
Always have a maximum yield of 6.
Have a minimum yield of 2 near the hub entrance, which scales up to a minimum yield of 4 when far away from the hub entrance.
Veins in the Cambion Drift do not scale their minimum yield with distance of the vein to the hub entrance.
Rarities of ores and gems mined are affected by the distance of the vein to the hub entrance, with uncommon and rare gems appearing much more frequently the farther the player is from hub entrance.
For instance, Hesperon, the rarest variant of Orb Vallis ores, can be found much more frequently in the lake and the mushroom forest in the northwest at the Temple of Profit; one of the furthest point of distance from the gate.
Resource Booster, Loyal Retriever, and Resourceful Retriever will increase the amount of materials mined.
Cutters
Cutters can be purchased from Old Man Suumbaat or Smokefinger for standing. More advanced Cutters feature more accurate mining beams, longer mineral detection ranges and Minimap mineral radar. While being able to cut all rarities of ore, only certain Cutters can mine rare gems. Regardless, all Cutters have a base beam range of 9 meters (without upgrades).
Widgets
Widgets are upgrades that are permanently applied to only the Sunpoint Plasma Drill upon being purchased, enhancing their utility. There are two Widgets available and are both bought from Smokefinger in Solaris United for 30,000 Standing at Rank 5: Old Mate. Both Widgets can be applied simultaneously.
Ores
Ores can be mined from red veins in Plains of Eidolon/Orb Vallis and yellow veins in Cambion Drift. Raw Ores can be refined and combined with other Resources in the Foundry to form materials suitable for construction. Unlike Gems, Ores cannot be turned in for standing to their local vendors (with the exception of Cambion Drift's Otak for Otak Tokens), and cannot be traded to other players.
Ore Veins are by default, mining veins that are not marked as a Gem Vein by the game's RNG.
A Gem Vein has a default spawn chance of 30% leaving the remainder 70% to be the Ore Vein's default spawn chance.
Using Resource Drop Chance Booster, Resource Drop Chance Blessing or playing in The Steel Path does not increase the number of mining nodes spawned, and only increases the chances of Gem Vein spawning, at the expense of reduced chance of Ore Veins spawning.
Mining vein split is capped at 10% Ore Vein / 90% Gem Vein.
Gems
Gems can be mined from blue veins. Raw gems can be refined for use in certain Foundry Blueprints, or Traded to other players, but they can no longer be turned into standing. Raw gems can be turned in directly for Standing or Standing-related items,
Gems from the Plains of Eidolon can be turned in to Old Man Suumbaat for Ostron standing.
Gems from the Orb Vallis can be turned in to Smokefinger for Solaris United standing.
Gems from the Cambion Drift can be turned in to Otak for Otak Tokens, which can be traded in to Grandmother for Entrati Standing.
A Gem Vein has a default spawn chance of 30%. Using Resource Drop Chance Booster, Resource Drop Chance Blessing or playing in The Steel Path, increases the chances of a mining node being a Gem Vein instead of Ore Vein, although it does not increase the number of mining nodes in the open world. Mining vein split is capped at 10% Ore Vein / 90% Gem Vein.
**Notes:**
A Nosam Cutter and a Plasma Drill cannot be equipped at the same time.
A selection of (refined) gems can be bought directly from the traders for under Today's Special.
Refined gems are Tradeable under "Crafting Components".
Gems are used as materials in open-world crafting, including the creation of Zaws, Kitguns, and Amps.
The secondary fire function (default middle mouse button) can be used to enhance the mining tool's zoom level while aiming.
Firing the Cutter is considered an alarming action, and will thus alert enemies within the vicinity. Consequently, it will disrupt Ivara's Prowl ability when used, rendering her visible for the duration the cutter is active. The Silencer Widget for the Sunpoint Plasma Drill will counteract this, costing 30,000 Standing with Solaris United.
The color of the Cutter/Drill and its beam is determined by the Warframe's chosen Colors and Energy Color, respectively.
The Advanced Nosam Cutter or Sunpoint Plasma Drill is required to mine the special tier gems in all Open Worlds, although the Sunpoint Plasma Drill has a higher chance of finding them.
With an Advanced Nosam Cutter or Sunpoint Plasma Drill, it may show that 10 deposits were detected. However, there can be, in fact, more than 10 deposits marked on the Mini-map.
Using the built-up charge of Volt's passive ability, it is possible to deal damage with a Nosam Cutter or Sunpoint Plasma Drill equal to the amount of electricity stored.
The amount of resources yielded in mining are affected by Resource Boosters, Loyal Retriever or Resourceful Retriever, multiplying the amount acquired.
The frequency of gem deposits is affected by a Resource Drop Chance Booster (including Blessings and Steel Path).
Specifically, the number of mining deposits does not appear to change. Instead, it increases the chance that each deposit will be Gems, and not Ores. This makes gems more common, but also means ores are actually less common with a boosted drop chance.
**Tips:**
Using your melee during the reward popups from a vein will close it early, allowing you to go back to your cutter more quickly. (Nodes do not appear while the rewards are on screen.)
While caves have a high concentration of veins, they may generate in areas that are quite difficult to reach with a cutter, such as high up rock faces and on ceilings.
Using Ivara's Dashwire Arrow to create elevation can make reaching these veins much easier.
Titania can also use the cutters in Razorwing mode, which can aid in scouting for veins, and also reaching veins that are otherwise difficult or impossible to mine, even with the 14-meter beam upgrade for the Sunpoint Drill.
Mining veins spawn in greater numbers in areas with many rocks packed closely together, such as caves and rock tunnels. As for specific locations;
The area on the Plains where one can consistently find the most mining veins in the smallest area is the bay known as Er-Phryah's Vigil.
It is located west and slightly north of the Cetus gates, around Grineer Base #2 (as marked on the map).
This bay area can be recognized by the towering Sentient bones in the local shallows, which are periodically electrified by a nearby Grineer machine.
This bay and the nearby cave will almost always have 15 or more veins in a relatively small 100 square meter area, making it ideal for mining.
The cave system at the Twin Horns is quite close to the Cetus gates, allowing for quick returns to reload the cave, and its large area makes it home to a sizeable number of veins. Players must take care of Akkalak Turrets placed at the far end of the cave, as they can knock miners out of position on top of killing unattentive players.
Between Central Maintenance and the small coolant lake behind Fortuna's entrance is a stretch of road with a high number of deposits, as well as a small cave system where more veins can spawn. Both features making it ideal for quick mineral gathering. Be wary of patrols arriving via Condor Dropships.
Deck 12 is chock full of densely packed veins, and if you go deep inside and then come back out, the veins in the initial cave will respawn. Almost certainly the best mining location in Orb Vallis, since you also won't ever be bothered by enemies while inside the cave.
The two cave systems that flank the Catabolic Gutter are quite large and often contain a significant number of deposits, with the northern cave system relatively close to the Necralisk entrance.
Some deposits will have one or more seemingly invisible blue drilling spots, making it appear impossible to finish mining the node. These are often located on a rock face that isn't in direct line of sight of the player, so repositioning can help reveal such drilling spots.
If repositioning doesn't help, trying going after a few other nearby nodes, then come back. This will often respawn the blue spots in places that aren't hidden.
Attempting to hit a hidden spot by systematically passing the drilling beam over the entire mining node can sometimes successfully strike the spot.
vfukzVtMkg8
22.19.1

## Fishing
Duviri Fish
Fisher Hai-Luk
Fishing is a non-combat activity available in Landscapes that allows players to catch fish which can be used as resources for various crafting requirements. It was first introduced in Update 22.
Mechanics
Preparing to Fish
Once players have earned enough Standing with the associated Landscape's faction (Ostron in Cetus, Solaris United in Fortuna and Entrati in the Necralisk), they are able to purchase a Fishing Spear at their fishing supplier (Hai-Luk, The Business or Daughter respectively). To further aid in fishing, Baits and Dye may also be purchased.
Once a Fishing Spear has been purchased, the player can equip it in the Gear menu through their Arsenal. Note that it is not necessary to equip more than one spear (or any baits, dyes, etc.) as all available spears and other fishing utilities will be selectable through the fishing menu once any spear has been readied.
After the spear is equipped, players can head out into the Plains of Eidolon, Orb Vallis, or Cambion Drift to find eligible bodies of water such as ponds, lakes, ocean or exocrine. In order for fish to begin spawning the player must first bring out the fishing spear from the Gear menu (default hold Q and select the spear).
Fishing Menu
Once the player has armed themselves with a fishing spear, the fishing gear menu will automatically appear on the bottom right of the screen, indicating the currently selected spear, dyes and bait. Players can change their current selection by holding the respective key (1, 2 or 3), while pressing the respective key will cast that current dye or bait. Consequently, use of Warframe abilities (bound to the number keys) will be suppressed while armed with a spear.
Catching Fish
While aiming the spear (default hold RMB), environmental sounds will be dampened, allowing the player to listen for the splashing and bubbling of nearby fish. Use the direction of the sounds to locate your possible prey and spear them by pressing the fire button (default LMB).
A suggested tip is to watch for the fishes' names in conjunction with the bubbling/splashing sound.
The spear—as a throwable projectile—has travel time and a slight ballistic arc, therefore the player must adjust trajectory based on distance from the fish (i.e. aim minimally above the fish to compensate for the arc and slightly ahead of the fish for the travel time).
Abilities like Zephyr's Jet Stream can decrease the spear's travel time.
Luminous Dye illuminates all fish in a given area with a very bright blue glow, making fish incredibly easy to spot and easier to catch.
If successful, the player will be shown holding the catch with statistics on species, size (small, medium, or large) and gross weight displayed in the lower right infobox. If the player misses or disturbs the water by walking into it, nearby fish will be alerted and quickly scatter away. Scaring the fish multiple times can result in them de-spawning.
While fishing, the player is completely vulnerable to nearby enemies and is unable to use any abilities or weapons with the exception of quick-melee (default E), if a melee weapon is equipped. The spear can, however, be thrown at enemies; This deals negligible damage.
Shock Spears
While the Servofish in Orb Vallis can be caught using the Fishing Spears from Cetus, doing so will damage the Servofish, which will reduce its value in both Standing gain and parts given when dismantling.
Catching Servofish safely requires the use of Shock Spears, which can be purchased from The Business using Solaris Standing. Shock Spears are used identically to Fishing Spears on the initial throw, however, once the Servofish has been hooked, a silver shock gauge will appear. This initiates a minigame where players have to time the movement of a white marker to land on the small red section of the gauge using the fire button (LMB).
If successful, a shock pulse stuns the Servofish allowing it to be lifted from the water. If the player fails to land the marker on the red zone, the player will be staggered and fish will escape. If the player does nothing, the bar will reset and are able to reattempt right away.
Fish in the Plains of Eidolon cannot be caught with Shock Spears although they can be stunned with the EMP Shock Spear variant.
Infested Spears
Fish in Deimos' Cambion Drift can be caught with spears from both Fortuna and Cetus. However, these spears cannot pass through the 'exocrine' through which the infested fish can swim freely; for optimal fishing on Deimos, there are two new spears that can pass through the exocrine and thus catch fish more easily. Unlike Shock Spears, the Infested Spears can be also used on the Plains, with the Ebisu spear behaving like the Lanzo spear while the Spari behaves like the Tulok.
Rewards
Player-caught Fish can be redeemed for Standing, or cut up into generic resources and a resource specific to each type of fish. Fisher Hai-Luk in Cetus, The Business in Fortuna, and Daughter in the Necralisk can do this.
A selection of harvested fish guts can be bought directly from the traders for under Today's Special.
Maw Feeding
Duviri fishing does not use the traditional spears. Instead, the player takes control of a Golden Maw, a worm-like construct, for a short time to engage in a feeding frenzy. These occur at Transference Pads near bodies of water, which are only usable in The Duviri Experience and not The Lone Story.
The Maw possesses the following controls:
Increase speed (sprint, default Shift)
Chomp (weapon fire or melee, default LMB / E)
Rush Chomp (jump, default Space)
Timer is gauged by a meter and progress is tracked by 15 nodes. Catching a minimum of 10 fish awards fishing resources, while 15 fish yields additional resources. If 15 fish are caught during the first time fishing in the current Duviri run, a live version of the fish that can be placed in the Orbiter's Aquarium will be earned as well.
Once per Duviri visit, successful Maw Fishing awards 3 Drifter Intrinsics, non-fishing Duviri resources, and a Decree.
Species
Plains of Eidolon
The Plains of Eidolon contain 3 #Fishing Locations and Biomes, and follow a time cycle.
Every fish has its own requirements for spawning based on the biome, current cycle state, and presence of bait.
Common Species
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
Baited Species
Murkray, Norg, Cuthol and Glappid are considered rare.
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
Orb Vallis
The Orb Vallis, due to its lack of actual bodies of water, does not have traditional biological fish. It is instead home to aquatic machines called Servofish, which are autonomous drones tasked with performing specific functions in the coolant lakes and ponds out in the Vallis. Though they are mechanical in nature, their behaviors are still similar to that of biological fish.
One of the main differences of the Servofish is how the different qualities of fish are identified; while Cetus' fish are separated into small, medium, and large sizes, the Servofish of the Vallis are sorted between Basic, Adorned and Magnificent models.
The quality of a Servofish can be estimated by looking at how many attachments are on the fish as opposed to its size (eg.
Tromyzon gain additional rings on their back at higher qualities).
Additionally, none of the Vallis species require any bait to spawn, instead, any rare fish can potentially be found without luring it, though with greatly diminished chances of appearing.
Corpus Species
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
Orokin Species
All Orokin species fishes are rare.
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
Example locations for Biomes in Orb Vallis:
Pond - Top left body of coolant near Temple of Profit
Lake - Just outside of the Fortuna elevator
Cave - Cave to the northwest of Fortuna elevator, slightly north-east of Coolant Reservoir
Cave- Cave to the left of spaceport
Cambion Drift
The Cambion Drift is home to Infested and Infested-Orokin hybrid species of fish that can float in the air. These fish live within thick Infested excretions called exocrine that cannot be penetrated by conventional or electric fishing spears. As such, the only way to catch these fish with these tools is while they are in the air. However, Infested fishing spears can catch fish while they are in exocrine.
Common Species
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
Rare Species
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
thumb|300px
intro
Duviri
Fish can be caught during the Golden Maw side mission on Duviri. If the Golden Maw catches 15 fish before time expires during the first time fishing of that Duviri run, the player will receive a Duviri fish. These fish do not supply any resources, but can be put in an aquarium decoration.
Species
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
right|300px
intro
Fishing Locations and Biomes
Plains of Eidolon
Depending on the location and type of body of water the player will encounter different species of fish.thumb|Fishing map compiled by user Kio-reki on the official forums
Gara Toht Lake, the large lake directly north of Cetus:
Mawfish (common at day)
Charc Eel (common at night and day)
Norg (rare at night, Norg bait)
Landlocked bodies of water (ponds) scattered around the plains:
Yogwun (common at day)
Khut-Khut (common at day)
Mortus Lungfish (rare at day, common at night)
Cuthol (rare at night, Cuthol bait)
Coastlines of the ocean (far left and right to Cetus gate):
Goopolla (common at night and day)
Tralok (uncommon at day)
Sharrac (night and day, Twilight bait)
Karkina (night and day, Twilight bait)
Murkray (rare at day and night, Murkray bait)
Glappid (rare at night, Glappid bait)
Anywhere:
Boot
Orb Vallis
Depending on the location and type of body of water the player will encounter different species of fish.thumb|Map of Orb Vallis, with key of the fish and where to find them. By user Almost333|alt=
Coolant Reservoir Lake, the large lake directly west of Fortuna:
Echowinder (common in warm weather)
Kriller (common in warm weather)
Sapcaddy (common in cold weather)
Longwinder (rare in warm weather, Longwinder Bait)
Landlocked bodies of water (ponds) scattered around Orb Vallis:
Eye-Eye (common in warm weather)
Tink (common in cold weather)
Brickie (common in warm weather)
Recaster (common in cold weather, Narrow-Spectrum Bait)
Tromyzon (rare in cold weather, Tromyzon Bait)
Caves with active bodies of water found in Orb Vallis:
Scrubber (common in cold and warm weather)
Mirewinder (common in cold and warm weather)
Charamote (rare in cold and warm weather, Charamote Bait)
Synathid (rare in cold and warm weather, Synathid Bait)
Anywhere:
Crewman's Boot
Cambion Drift
Depending on the location and presence of Fass or Vome the players will encounter different species. However, players may be able to collect the baited fish from the non-active being in the cave systems.
Eg. If Fass is active, then the players may encounter Vome's baited fish in caves and vise versa.
Surface
Kymaeros (Common beneath Fass and Vome)
Cryptosuctus (Common beneath Fass)
Lobotriscid (Common beneath Vome)
Ostimyr (Uncommon beneath Fass, Fass Residue)
Glutinox (Uncommon beneath Vome, Fass Residue)
Aquapulmo (Rare beneath Vome, Processed Fass Residue)
Flagellocanth (Rare beneath Vome and Fass, Processed Fass Residue)
Caves
Barbisteo (Common beneath Fass and Vome)
Amniophysi (Common beneath Fass and Vome)
Vitreospina (Uncommon beneath Fass and Vome, Fass Residue)
Duroid (Uncommon beneath Fass and Vome, Vome Residue)
Chondricord (Uncommon beneath Fass and Vome, Vome Residue)
Myxostomata (Rare beneath Vome, Processed Vome Residue)
Gear
Fishing Spears
Bait
thumb|A ripple on the Plains of Eidolon indicating a hotspot near the shore.
Bait are consumable items that can be used to increase the chances of certain types of fish appearing. Any baits are automatically held in the fishing gear menu.
Hotspots are places where baits can be used to attract the most fishes possible. Hotspots differ in appearance depending on their location:
In the Plains of Eidolon they appear as visible white patches of bubbles rippling in a circular pattern
In the Orb Vallis and Cambion Drift they appear as an oily fluorescent sheen emitting slight green aurora-like light glows
This will activate the bait, which will then increase the chance of certain types of fish spawning within the hotspot.
The bait's initial effects will last for up to 3 minutes, during which it has a high chance of making its target fish appear on the spawn intervals within that period.
The bait will visually disappear after that period, however, it will still have a much smaller chance of making the target fish appear on subsequent spawns in the same hotspot.
If the hotspot is still active after the bait expires, players can throw in another bait of either the same type or a different one to attract the desired fish.
Different baits will work when luring their fish type in the same hotspot (however the same bait will not stack its own effect) but this will reduce the chance of luring a specific fish.
A baited hotspot will remain visible until all fish within the area have been caught or escaped, in which case the ripples will disappear, indicating that the hotspot has expired.
Most Earth fish, like Norgs and Glappids, do not normally appear in standard fishing and thus require specialized bait to lure out. On the other hand, all Servofish and Infested fish can appear even without bait, though using bait will increase their chances of appearing.
Fishing hotspots are shared between all members of a squad (host & client).
Prior to Update 24.6, Fisher Hai-Luk sold reusable bait blueprints, which have since been changed to pre-crafted baits. Existing bait blueprints can still be used, or sold for 100,000.
List of Baits
It is not necessary to aim at the ripples in order for the bait to activate, simply throwing a single bait into the vicinity will do.
Throwing additional bait into the same hotspot will not increase the chances of fish spawning - only one bait is required to affect the hotspot.
The targeted fish may spawn a distance away from the hotspot the bait is thrown in, sometimes appearing in other nearby hotspots.
Peppered Bait will attract Goopolla, Charc Eel, and Mortus Lungfish regardless of the time of day.
Other
Products
All fish/servofish species are graded into three classes (Small/Medium/Large for Plains, Basic/Adorned/Magnificent for Vallis). Specified fish weight/point value is purely cosmetic.
NOTE: Quality of fish in the Cambion Drift is both size (S,M,L) for organic Infested fish and Adorments (B,A,M) for hybrid Infested-Orokin fish.
**Notes:**
The burbling of spawning fish is heard a few seconds before a fish actually spawns in.
Depending on the species (color and size), water (clear or filled with plants), water effects (reflection and lighting), and time of day (some fish are luminescent at night) it can be difficult and take a while to spot them.
Luminous Dye is the easiest solution, costing 100 Standing each and will clearly highlight all fish in a decent radius for a short time.
The player can bullet-jump above the water-surfaces in order to scan for fish; using aim gliding, mid-air slides, and double-jumps to maneuver back to shore.
Ivara's Dashwire ability can create ziplines above the water to get a better spotting view, however, it is not possible to zoom in with the fishing spear while on the zipline. Additionally, you can throw Luminous Dye or fish bait while being balanced on the zipline, as long as you are aiming with the fishing spear at the same time of throwing the dye or bait. However, you still cannot change fishing spears while being on the zipline.
Banshee's Sonar ability can be used to highlight the fish with an outline briefly, though they won't get weak points or appear in minimaps.
Limbo will see fish with an entity outline while inside the rift, although most spears will not work since the fish are not inside the rift as well, except for Shockprod Fishing Spear and Stunna Fishing Spear.
The Codex Scanner and Synthesis Scanner can be used to highlight fish briefly every few seconds.
Oxylus's Scan Aquatic Lifeforms can highlight fish in the water similar to a Luminous Dye, and can highlight hotspots on the minimap.
All fish species have Codex entries located in the Objects section, taking 12 scans to complete their entries.
Spear type does not influence spawning species, and all currently known species can be caught by any spear, although non-specialized spears will require several hits to catch fish they are not designed for.
This can be counteracted by Warframe abilities that buff weapon damage, such as Volt's passive, his Electric Shield, or Mesa's Ballistic Battery.
The spears can benefit from Universal Weapon Bonuses.
Spears are affected by Flight Speed buffs, such as Zephyr's Jet Stream.
Ivara's Navigator ability can be used to steer the fishing spear.
Fish tend to spawn at the moment when you are equipping the spear. If you can't see any fish around and hear no burbling try to equip the weapon, then re-equip your spear once or twice.
Wading into the water will scare away the fish. Contact with landlocked water on the Plains of Eidolon at night, will also apply a weak Magnetic proc, quartering your shield capacity for 1 second and draining energy.
Fish are tradeable as crafting components, exception being the Cambion Drift fishes. This in spite of an announcement that they no longer would be and the individual fish pages stating that they are not tradeable.
The number of fish caught is affected by both Resource Boosters and Loyal Retriever or Resourceful Retriever.
The base number of fish spawns is affected by a Resource Drop Chance Booster.
Warframe abilities cannot be cast while wielding a Fishing Spear and will remain so until the player switches to a weapon. However, quick melee attacks can still be used.
While the normal ability buttons do not work with a Fishing Spear equipped, it is still possible to cast the "Currently Selected Ability" with a dedicated hotkey, as well as scroll through the list of abilities to select the desired ability.
Transference may still be activated, so long as the ability is not bound to the same keys as the fishing tools.
If the player misses the fish or randomly lobs the spear at the shoreline or underwater ground, there's a 3% chance of getting a Boot (Plains of Eidolon) or Crewman's Boot (Orb Vallis), and when reeled in, a sarcastic banjo tune will play the background. It can be sold for 400. The player will not get another boot until 5 minutes have passed.
Void Strike from the Madurai focus school does not appear to increase damage done by fishing spears (needs further testing)
Fishing cannot be performed on an Archwing or a K-Drive.
Unlike normal Fishing Spears, Shock Spears cannot deal damage on impact and are unable to kill low-health critters, break chests, or resource nodes.
The glowing silhouettes of Servofishes caused by Luminous Dye will always be those of the Magnificent variants, regardless of the actual variants.
This might be because all Servofish in the same species use the Magnificent model, but some textures are rendered invisible to depict lesser variants.
The rarity of a fish does not necessarily mean how often it is encountered.
It is used in Nightwave Acts like Earth Fisher (Catch 6 Rare Fish in the Plains of Eidolon/Orb Vallis) to make only certain fish count for the Act.
**Trivia:**
Concept art for some of the fish species, particularly the Mawfish, Mortus Lungfish, Norg, and even the Lanx, are viewable via the Art Gallery section of the Codex.
The Mawfish and Mortus Lungfish, or rather their models, were the first fish species to be "introduced" in the game proper; they can be seen swimming in the floor of the Helminth Infirmary. One particular Mortus Lungfish in the Infirmary rivals the size of the largest Lungfish from the Plains.
The Mawfish is most likely based on an order of real-world, deep-sea fish called Gulper Eels, most closely resembling the Pelican Eel.
When players perform cutting bait with Fisher Hai-Luk, she occasionally says "That... that smell, is quite something, isn't it?", implying that most of the fish from the Plains of Eidolon, if not all of them, possess a foul, stinky smell.
Whether this is from the fish meat, or the entrails from the act of gutting the fish, is unknown.
Similar lines are made by The Business, who rationalizes the smell as a product of toxin buildup, and Daughter, who remarks on the "heady" smell of acetone, liver, and corrosion in regards to Ostimyr.
It may also be a simple allusion to the real world "fishy" smell of docks and fisheries where fish are butchered. The smell of freshly caught fish, or a fish upon being opened, is considered by most to be a foul smell, more so because the odor permeates and clings to most materials.
The Servofish may have been named after Servomotors that are used in most electronics with movable parts, such as: unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) (or commonly known as a drone), Unmanned underwater vehicle (UUV) (or sometimes known as an underwater drone).
JdFF_Gl1duQ

Fishing Locations from Semlar (mobile friendly)

# Wiki — Game Systems
Core game systems and economy from the Warframe wiki: trading, Incarnon, Prime, Void Fissures, Operator, Orbiter, and more.

## Trading
Trading Policy that appears when Trading for the first time
The Trading System allows players to trade any tradeables (see below) at the Clan Dojo (excluding Railjack), or at the dedicated trading relay - Maroo's Bazaar. There is a minimum Mastery requirement of Rank 2 in order to trade, and up to 6 items can be traded per transaction by each partner (for a maximum of 12 items traded total). With the exception to converted adversaries, there is no limit to how many times an item, or Platinum, can be traded.
Prerequisites
Trading Channel Introductory Message
See also Troubleshooting below.
There is a minimum Mastery requirement of Rank 2 in order to trade.
As of Update 25, players need to enable 2-Factor Authentication on the official Warframe site in order to gain access to trade. Follow these steps to enable 2FA:
Go to the Official Warframe website's Account Management page and log into your PC or Console account if needed.
Click on "USER INFORMATION" side tab if it is not active already.
You should see there"Enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) and receive a free in-game cosmetic: Enable" - click on "Enable".
A popup message will appear at the top of the webpage saying "PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL FOR FINAL CONFIRMATION. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE WITHIN THE NEXT HOUR PLEASE CONTACT SUPPORT AT SUPPORT.WARFRAME.COM FOR ASSISTANCE."
You should receive an email within an hour with a link to confirm. Click the link, and wait for the Official Warframe's website to open with a popup message at the top saying"TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION HAS BEEN ENABLED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT."
Tradeables
Trades are charged for a trade tax which amount in Credits based on the rarity of the commodity. Players will need to pay the respective tax for the item they receive in the trade. Additionally, a hub tax may be payable in addition to baseline game tax:
Maroo's Bazaar has a fixed additional 10% hub tax.
Clan Dojo tax can be set by the Clan that owns the Dojo and can range an additional 0-100% of baseline game tax (this can be altered at any time by any clan member with Treasurer privilege at any Trading Post in the Dojo).
Not all items can be Traded. Set up shop in Maroo's Bazaar or your Clan's Dojo to see the full list of items that you currently own that are eligible to be sold (hold the Gear key (Q) and select "SET UP SHOP").
All tradeables are split into the following categories in game GUI (only categories for which a player has tradeable items will be shown):
MOD (excludes Flawed Mods, Umbra Mods, and Primed Mods obtained from Daily Tribute). This also includes:
Ancient Fusion Core
Legendary Core
ITEMS
WEAPONS (includes Syndicate, Prisma, Vandal, Wraith and other tradeable weapons)
COMPANIONS (only Sentinels and their weapons obtainable from Baro Ki'Teer)
ARCHWING WEAPONS (only those obtainable from Baro Ki'Teer)
APPEARANCE (includes Arcane Helmets and Syndicate armor parts)
ARCANES (including both unranked and ranked ones)
FOCUS, includes:
Focus Lenses (their blueprints are shown in a separate BLUEPRINTS category below)
KEYS, includes:
Baro Void-Signal
Corpus Void Key
Enter Nihil's Oubliette
Grendel Locators
Mutalist Alad V Assassinate Key
Vay Hek Frequency Triangulator
RESOURCES, includes:
Beacons for Vay Hek Frequency Triangulators
Damaged and repaired Necramech components
Mutalist Alad V Nav Coordinates
Proof Fragments
Refined Gems
PRIME PART, includes:
Prime blueprints (also repeated in BLUEPRINTS category below). Note that Warframe parts crafted from Prime blueprints can no longer be traded.
Prime weapon parts
AYATAN TREASURES includes sculptures both empty and with stars slotted (note that unslotted stars are shown in a separate MISCELLANEOUS category below).
BLUEPRINTS, includes:
Focus Lens blueprints
Hound parts blueprints
Landing Craft Blueprints
Prime blueprints
Sands of Inaros blueprint
Tradeable Weapon blueprints
EMOTES, includes Syndicate emotes
IMPRINTS
RELICS, both Intact and Refined
MISCELLANEOUS, includes:
Ayatan Stars
Fish
Scenes
Tradeable Weapon and other non-Prime parts (e.g. those of Nautilus sentinel)
Tenno Lab Archwing parts
Platinum PLATINUM
Only shown in a trade, but not shown when using "Set up shop"
Cannot trade Platinum earned for free, either an account's starting Platinum or Platinum earned from giveaways
Trade Tax
1) The table above shows only baseline game tax. This will be higher by the hub tax: either additional 10% if trading in Maroo's Bazar, or additional 0-100% if trading in a Clan Dojo - specific surplus tax will be different in every Dojo and will be the tax rate that was last set by any of the Clan's Treasurers.
2) Sculptures with slotted stars instead have a trade tax of 12,000.
3) Only Tradeable Weapon that are bought pre-built can be traded. They must be unaltered by any Affinity, Forma, Lens, or Orokin Catalysts to be tradeable.
4) Players cannot trade away the initial amount of platinum that all accounts start off with. This is to prevent players from creating new accounts to farm platinum. Players cannot trade platinum that has been gifted to them either.
Limitations
The number of trades that can be made per day is the same as the player's Mastery Rank, with exception to Founders, who get an additional two trades per day. The trade limit is refreshed daily at GMT 00:00 and is not affected by the number of items exchanged in each transaction. Furthermore, ranking up will provide an additional trade even if the daily limit has been reached.
At most 6 items may be offered by each trading partner in any given trade, with multiple copies of the same item counting as separate items (exception is Platinum, multiple units exceeding 6 of which may be offered but will still only occupy only 1 of the 6 slots in a trade). If the partners desire to trade more items - they will have to conduct additional trades, provided each of them still has available daily trades left.
For Warframes, players can only trade the respective Prime Warframe Blueprints. Parts that have already been crafted through any blueprints, and the fully crafted Warframes themselves cannot be traded. Note that if you inadvertently started the crafting process in the Foundry and then realised you wished to trade away the blueprint instead - it is possible to cancel the crafting process before completion and get the Prime blueprint back, as well as all resources used, except Argon Crystals.
For weapon parts and blueprints (including those archwing and sentinel weapons) and sentinel companions only blueprints and parts for the Prime, Carmine, Vandal and Wraith weapon variants are tradeable.
Any other weapons and their blueprints or parts cannot be traded, except for the parts and blueprints (with some exceptions) of following ones, which can in fact be traded: Arum Spinosa, Athodai, Broken War (only parts), Epitaph, Orvius (only parts), Pathocyst, Pennant, Quellor, Shedu (only parts), Sheev, Sporothrix, Stahlta (only parts), Stropha (only parts), Velox (only parts), and Wolf Sledge.
A number of Tradeable Weapons are tradeable as a whole, but only if they are completely unranked with no Affinity, and substantially unaltered - i.e. with no Forma, Lens, or Orokin Catalyst applied.
Cosmetic-only changes however are permitted, i.e. these weapons will remain tradeable even if recolored, customized with skins, Cosmetic Attachments, modded with regular Weapon Mods, or freely used in the Simulacrum, due to no affinity being gained from killing the spawned enemies.
This is particularly useful for trying out expensive Syndicate and Prisma weapons to test their accuracy, attack speed/rate of fire, range/damage falloff, recoil, reload speed, or general handling characteristics without fear of losing the ability to sell or resell the weapons to other players later, if they are not to the user's liking.
Flawed Mods cannot be traded.
Primed Mods obtained from Daily Tribute cannot be traded.
Umbra Mods cannot be traded.
Last copy of any Mod with Precept (Penjaga) polarity cannot be traded away, the seller will get an error "Unique copies of abilities cannot be traded".
Riven Mods can only be traded if both players have a Mastery Rank of 8 or higher.
Legendary-grade Arcane Enhancements (Arcane Barrier, Arcane Grace, Arcane Energize, Exodia Contagion, Exodia Epidemic, Arcane Reaper, Longbow Sharpshot, Secondary Shiver, Melee Crescendo, Melee Duplicate, Arcane Universal Fallout, Arcane Hot Shot, and Arcane Escapist) require the trader to be Mastery Rank 11 or higher.
Blueprints and Tradeable Weapons cannot be traded to players who do not meet their Mastery Rank requirements.
Relics can be traded regardless of them being vaulted or unvaulted, and whether they are still Intact or already upgraded with Void Traces.
Weapons or Riven mods can only be traded if the buyer has sufficient slots to accommodate all received items.
Only a single Platinum offer may exist in the trade at any given time.
If the offering partner wishes to offer more Platinum - they have to change the amount they are currently offering (since they cannot use another trade slot to only offer the additional amount).
If the partners decide that the other partner should now be offering more Platinum, this can be achieved without having to cancel and restart the trade by the currently offering partner removing the Platinum offered, then the other partner offering Platinum instead.
Matchmaking
There are several means to find buyers and sellers.
In-Game Trade Chat
In general, players post both WTB, WTS, and WTT offers in the in-game global trading Chat channel. If you cannot see this channel, then please check if it may have been disabled in the settings: default Esc > OPTIONS > CHAT > Trade Chat.
When you want to contact the sender of an offer in the trading channel, click on their name and select "Talk". As the number of messages in trading channel can be overwhelming especially at peak times with most of them not being relevant, the game allows you to apply per-channel filtering rules to only show the relevant trading messages.
Terminology
People who use the Trade chat have their own acronyms to summarize their offers. Below is a short list of the most commonly used acronyms in Trade chat. A more comprehensive guide can be found here.
WTB - Want to buy
WTS - Want to sell
WTT(F) - Want to trade (for)
blitzer - player who quickly completes the mission in solo mode only to obtain a tradeable end-of-mission reward item (such as a mod) and immediately trade it to the client
WTH - Want to hire (note the game does not recommend trading for favors/services, e.g. if you hire a blitzer - it is recommended to do so on a "no win - no fee" basis, i.e. not to pay an advance fee, and instead only trade afterwards for the actual tradeable end-of-mission reward item)
PC - Price check
PMO - Private Message Offer
OBO - "or best offer"
[...]p - "p" is simply short for Platinum and is normally prefixed by a numerical value, e.g. "100p" means "100 Platinum".
[...]p+ - "+" means "or more, e.g. "100p+" means "100 Platinum or more".
Maroo's Bazaar
You can also visit Maroo's Bazaar on Mars and meet other players willing to trade, inspecting offers displayed above a seller's head. Approaching a seller and using the context action key (X) will initiate a trade. To offer items for trade hold the Gear key (Q) and select "SET UP SHOP".
Trading Boards
Official Warframe Forums - official game website
Process
thumb|The Trading Post as it appears in-game.
One first needs to find a willing trading partner for whatever it is they are willing to either buy or sell, see Matchmaking section above on this page.
Once a trading partner is found, both trading partners have to be present in either Clan Dojo (excluding Railjack of either trading partner (they do not have to be in the same Clan), or in the same instance of Maroo's Bazaar on Mars.
The universal way to trade in either location is for one of the partners to hold the Gear key (default Q), click "SET UP SHOP" and add any random mods/items, while the other player may physically approach the shopkeeper and hit "Use" key (default X) to start the actual trade, which will remove the mod/items displayed in the shop and present both parties with a new blank trade.
In Clan Dojo only there is another, easier way to trade. This is done by using a Trading Post - provided at least one has been placed earlier by a Clan Architect. Either partner may physically approach a Trading Post (these are marked with a special icon shown in the icon legend on the Clan Dojo minimap, (default M). Trading Post itself has 4 cyan consoles around it, and once a player is close enough to one of the consoles - "X | ACTIVATE" text will be displayed, at which point they need to hit "Use" key (default X). This will show how many daily trades you have left, and also the list of players currently in Clan Dojo and eligible to trade today. Double-click on the entry with the avatar + name of your prospective trading partner to initiate the actual trade.
Note that any players currently in Clan Dojo, but not eligible to trade will not be shown on the list - this includes players who have exhausted their daily trades, who have not reached Mastery Rank of 2, have not enabled 2FA on their account, or are inside the Railjack in the Dojo. As new players arrive or depart the Dojo - the list will also not be refreshed automatically, but instead needs to be closed and reopened again.
Once the actual trade is initiated, each partner will be presented with their own modifiable list of 6 slots (i.e.
12 slots total for a trade).
They can freely edit each of their respective 6 slots at will before the trade is concluded by adding/removing items, and these modifications will be immediately shown to both trading parties.
Only 1 of the 12 slots may be used to offer Platinum at any given time, however any amount of platinum may be offered in that slot.
Any tradeable items other than Platinum will occupy a separate slot for each unit offered, even if these are duplicate copies of the same item type (e.g. not more 6 Cyan Ayatan Stars may be offered by a partner in a single trade, since each will occupy a separate trade slot).
Once a trading partner is satisfied with what is shown in the 12 trade slots - they may check "READY TO TRADE" tickbox. Altering any of the 12 trade slots will uncheck these for both partners. Once both partners have checked these tickboxes, "ACCEPT BUTTON" will be enabled. Clicking this will show the final confirmation the full names of all tradeables offered by both parties, and "OK" and "CANCEL" buttons below.
Confirmation
Clicking "OK" is perhaps the single most important step, as it will commit the trade and make it irreversible, so please only click it if you are absolutely satisfied with the trade. Each player is personally responsible for not being scammed, and the publisher's policy is to not unwind any trades, even where a player believes they have been scammed. The following tips should help:
If a trade is cancelled and reopened - this is a red flag, thoroughly check everything again before accepting!
Always double, triple check that you will be receiving what you and the other player decided upon. It never hurts to be extra cautious, Tenno!
Trading UI Changes: if a player changes something you will notified instantly. You will then need to re-check to accept the changes before proceeding with the trade.
Baro Ki'Teer arrivals may cause sharp price drops for his items.
Recent game patches may cause Void Relics to be vaulted/unvaulted, and/or result in other changes to droptables, including rare/legendary items.
Announcements should be consulted before confirming a trade, especially for a large amount of platinum.
Full set vs blueprint only.
For all tradeable warframes and companions full set is more than just a blueprint, and includes exactly 4 pieces: main blueprint, Neuroptics/Cerebrum, Chassis and Systems (all 4 pieces being uncrafted blueprints in case of warframes). Tradeable Archwing sets likewise consist of 4 parts (albeit named differently).
For the vast majority of tradeable weapons the set consists of at least 2 items - most often main blueprint + an extra part. In some cases the set includes duplicate parts, as is the case for e.g. Dual Kamas Prime. Exceptions:
Single-item sets do exist however, such as: Ignis Wraith blueprint, Pennant blueprint, Quellor blueprint.
Multi-item sets that do not include the main blueprint: Broken War set, Shedu set, Landing Craft sets and most Archgun sets (exception is Imperator Vandal that in fact does include the main blueprint as a part of the set).
Names of all items, including variations, or similarly-looking/named items (e.g. Chassis vs Systems or Neuroptics, Arcane Velocity vs. Arcane Victory etc.)
Ranks of any Mods or Arcane Enhancements traded (e.g. is the seller offering a rank 0 mod, instead of the agreed rank 10?)
Platinum amount - pay attention to this, including the number of repeating digits, especially after restarting the trade (e.g. the number of zeroes a buyer is offering, 1000 or 100?)
"Platinum Glitches": A player might offer to host a "Platinum Glitch" with the promise that it will double your Platinum.
They will ask you to enter the desired amount of Platinum you wish to double in the Trade UI.
Since "Platinum Glitches" do not exist, the player may complete the trade and leave with your platinum.
Take extra care of checking the platinum amount before moving forward with the trade.
The amount you confirm in the trading UI will be the amount you give/receive (even if told otherwise).
"Founders Codes": Codes to unlock Founders' content in Warframe do not exist. Refrain from trading with players that are offering items/codes that have not been announced or made available by Digital Extremes.
"Ancient Cores" vs. "Legendary Cores": Unlike Legendary Cores, Ancient Cores do NOT have the ability to maximize the rank of a mod. Keep this in mind as players will attempt to trade "Ancient Cores" as "Legendary."
When trading at the Dojo, make sure Dojo hub tax is acceptable, as it may be as high as additional 100% of baseline game tax (thus doubling the credit tax paid). You can always insist to go to Maroo's Bazaar, where hub tax is always fixed at an additional 10%.
Psa: Tenno Safe Trading Tips forum post by [DE]Danielle
Personal Trading/Chat History
PC users have a way to partially obtain personal trading and chat history, as long as they have not yet restarted their game session.
Chat#History
Troubleshooting
Unable to see trading partner on the list in Trading Terminal console.
Check that partner is already inside Dojo, slower computers may take a few minutes to load larger Dojos.
Check that partner is at least Mastery Rank 2, has enabled their 2FA, and has not yet used all of their daily trades for today. Each player has a limited number of daily trades equal to their Mastery Rank, and these refresh every day at 0000 UTC.
If partner is in Railjack section of Dojo - they will not be shown on the list until they move out. Esc > FAST TRAVEL > DRY DOCK will fix this.
Clan architects may place an Arrival Gate decoration in their Dojo to prevent guests from spawning inside Railjack.
An individual Trade Ban may be in effect.
After attempting to load the Dojo, I unexpectedly see the trade partner quitting squad and go offline before they arrive at the Dojo.
Game may crash for some players with weaker computers attempting to load a larger Dojo. Make a squad and go to Maroo's Bazaar in this case.
Just after I was invited to another Dojo, but before the trade I was kicked from the Dojo with a message saying that all Clan members have left.
If the host's computer is much slower than the guest's computer - this may be an issue. Make a squad and go to Maroo's Bazaar in this case.
I cannot enter platinum into the trade.
Players cannot trade away the initial amount of platinum that all accounts start off with. This is to prevent players from creating new accounts to farm platinum. Players cannot trade platinum that has been gifted to them either.
Cannot sell item, it shows "Partner Locked".
Check that the buyer has sufficient Mastery Rank.
If they have a sufficient MR, they must be located within affinity proximity (no further than about 50 meters) within the Dojo. Being too far away is a known bug that causes the game to assume the buyer has MR 0. Please ensure you can see your buyer and try to trade again.
Thoroughly check trade details again after the trade is restarted.
Seller gets an error "Unique copies of abilities cannot be traded".
This is by design, last copy of any Mod with Precept (Penjaga) polarity cannot be traded away.
The credits of one of the partners are shown in red preventing the partners from accepting the trade.
This means at least one of the partners does not have enough credits to pay the game tax + hub tax.
If trading in Dojo - verify that the hub tax rate is acceptable, as it may be as high as 100% more than the base tax. In this case go to Maroo's Bazaar to trade, where hub tax is fixed at 10%.
You can sell duplicate mods and blueprints without leaving the Dojo/Maroo's Bazaar. ESC > EQUIPMENT > INVENTORY/MODS > sell sufficient duplicate mods or blueprints. Most players have multiple component blueprints for e.g. Harrow and Nyx.
Thoroughly check trade details again after the trade is restarted.
When trading a weapon or riven mod, I get an error that there buyer does not have enough space in the inventory.
The weapon buyer may either sell currently owned weapons, or buy 2 extra slots for 12.Players may buy extra weapon slots without leaving Dojo/Maroo's Bazaar by ESC > EQUIPMENT > INVENTORY > WEAPONS.
The riven mod buyer may either sell, transmute or dissolve currently owned rivens, or buy 3 extra slots for 60.Players may buy extra riven slots, up to a maximum of 150 (or 180 for MR30+), without leaving Dojo/Maroo's Bazaar, by accessing the wishlist tab of the profile of any player who has previously added riven slots to their wishlist.
Thoroughly check trade details again after the trade is restarted.
Bans
Chat Ban
Manual bans from the trading chat tab or the entirety of the chat system can be enacted by chat moderators if the player breaks the EULA by offering to trade in-game items for non-game items (including cash) outside of the game.
Trade Ban
In addition, players may get automatically tagged by the game's anti-cheat system if they acquire—what the game deems as—an 'unrealistic' amount of loot in a mission, resulting in a two-week trade suspension until the developers review the player's case. These players will receive an in-game inbox message from Warframe's Support Team saying the following:
Hello (Player name),
A recent mission that you completed was flagged for having abnormal results and this has resulted in a two week moratorium on trades being placed on your account. After this auditing period concludes favorably your trading privileges will be restored to your account.
Thank you for understanding.
Warframe Support Team
After the player has been cleared for cheating, the trade ban will be lifted, allowing them to continue trading normally.
Manage your trading inventory with a PowerShell script.

Psa: Tenno Safe Trading Tips forum post by [DE]Danielle

## Platinum
In-game description
thumb|right|300px|Platinum Store
Platinum is the in-game currency which can be bought with real world currency or by trading with other players. When bought with real world currency - it comes in packs of various quantities and they can be purchased on the Official Warframe Website (requires login).
It can be used to make purchases from the Market, rush crafting in the Foundry and to rename player's character, Clan, and Companions. It can also be used to pay other fellow players when trading with them for Prime parts, Mods and other tradeable items.
Additionally, for short periods of time, players can upgrade their account with Prime Access packages. Not only does this support the developers, but also rewards the player with hefty platinum bonuses at a much discounted price as opposed to buying platinum for cash from the market.
The game uses an optional payment system: a majority of weaponry and warframes can be earned in game (everything other than Founder-exclusive items and event, retired, or prime items).
However, with Platinum, the grind to obtain weapon and warframe blueprints and their resources is circumvented by buying non-prime versions from the Market, and Prime versions from other players.
A player can purchase a small selection of Weapons from the Market for Credits, although most weapons and Warframes are only offered via the schematic to be purchased, which can be used for crafting in the Foundry.
There are a few items that can only be obtained exclusively through Platinum: Color Palettes, various cosmetic items (including renaming), and to a large extent slots (a small and limited number of slots may be earned via Nightwave).
Slots allow a player to keep multiple different weapons and warframes in order to create different loadouts.
If a player has filled all of their weapon/warframe slots and would like to acquire another weapon/warframe - they will have to buy a new slot or sell one of their weapons/warframes for credits to free up a slot.
Usage
Purchase slots:
12 2x Weapon slots
12 2x Archwing Weapon slots
12 2x Railjack armament slots
12 2x Operator Amp slots
12 2x Robotic Companion slots
12 2x Railjack armament slots
12 1x Vehicle slot - for storing Archwings and K-Drives.
20 1x Warframe slot
20 1x Necramech slot
20 1x Railjack crew member slot
60 3x Riven Mods slots
These can be done in the Inventory section of Equipment, or through "Slot" group of the Market's Equipment section.
20 1x Loadout slot - for swapping setups in the Arsenal.
Trading between Players.
In-game Market purchases:
Premade Weapons, Warframes, Landing Craft and bundles including them.
Purchased items include slots and Catalysts/Reactors.
Upgrades such as Orokin Catalysts, Orokin Reactors, Formas, Aura Formas, Exilus Warframe Adapters, Exilus Weapon Adapters.
Mods and Endo.
Requiem Relic packs.
Consumables, such as Incubator Power Cores, Kavat Starter Kits, Kavat Genetic Codes.
4 types of boosters of varying duration (Mod Drop Chance Booster however cannot be purchased):
40-200 Affinity Booster 3-30 days (doubles affinity gain)
40-200 Credit Booster 3-30 days (doubles credit rewards)
40-200 Resource Booster 3-30 days (doubles resource drops)
40-200 Resource Drop Chance Booster 3-30 days (doubles the chance of resource drops)
Cosmetic skins, color palettes, decorations, animations, emotes etc.
Change the following:
15 rename Companions and Primary, Secondary, and Melee Weapons.
200 rename player's character on Official Warframe Website (requires login).
200 rename Clan (Warlords only) on Official Warframe Website (requires login).
150 change Clan emblem (Warlords only) on Official Warframe Website (requires login).
Rush crafted items in Foundry, depending on item:
50 for Warframes and 25 platinum for Warframe Parts
25-50 for various Weapons
50 for new Landing Crafts
25 for Landing Craft Parts
1-15 Platinum for Keys, Consumables, etc.
**Acquisition:**
Purchase with real world currency.
Purchase any tier of Prime Access or Prime Vault, or any Exclusive Bundles that gives Platinum.
Participating and winning 1st/2nd/3rd place in Warframe contests.
Exchange from other players via trading.
Giveaways on live Devstreams on Twitch.
Giveaways by some Youtubers and/or streamers.
Promotions run by Digital Extremes (such as Twitch Prime promotions).
Prices
More currencies could be added, in addition,
Check current prices, some may be out of date due to inflation.
Other platforms values may differ (etc 2200 not being available on PC.)
On average across all bundles, one platinum is equal to:
5 American cents(¢) or 0.05 dollars (USD)
6 Canadian cents(¢) or 0.06 dollars (CAD)
5 European cents(c) or 0.05 euros (EUR)
4 British pence(p) or 0.04 pounds (GBP)
5 Australian cents(c) or 0.05 dollars (AUD)
16 Polish grosz(gr) or 0.16 złoty (PLN)
90 Turkish kuruş(kr) or 0.90 Lira (TRY)
1.64 Russian rouble (RUB)
0.91 Ukrainian hryvnias (UAH)
366 Indonesian rupiah (IDR)
5.21 Japanese yen (JPY)
52.82 Korean won (KRW)
1.39 Philippine peso (PHP)
0.83 Thai baht (THB)
0.11 Malaysian ringgit (MYR)
46 Mexican centavos(¢) or 0.47 pesos (MXN)
95.05 Colombian pesos (COB)
14 Brazilian centavo or 0.14 real (BRL)
To calculate average cost per platinum:
For each bundle, divide the cost by the plat amount (e.g. 1779.99 Mexican pesos / 4300) to get cost per plat
Add up all the cost per plat values by the number of bundles (6) to get the average cost per plat. E.g. (0.41 + 0.42 + 0.44 + 0.49 + 0.53 + 0.53) / 6 = 0.47 or 47 Mexican centavos
Personal (Non-Tradeable) Platinum
Add more details differentiating between traded platinum and non-tradeable platinum
Personal Platinum is a subset of the player's total Platinum count that is not tradable. Players start with 50 Personal Platinum upon creating their account.
Other ways of obtaining Personal Platinum include:
Winning official Platinum giveaways
Winning official contests
**Notes:**
Platinum can be traded (excluding Personal Platinum, e.g. Player's starting Platinum or Platinum earned from giveaways) with other Players for any tradeable items or traded directly, with Credit taxes. This is a very popular means of gathering Platinum among the community. See the Trading page for more information.
Hovering over and clicking the Platinum icon in the currency bar on PC will take you to the platinum store.
When purchased using the Steam wallet or through the Steam client, the amount purchased will contribute toward finding a Warframe related Trading Card.
The amount fulfilled on the Trading Card drop meter is affected by discounts and will only progress the meter with the final price, which includes discounts, rather than the base price.
Excluding the starting Platinum that all Players receive upon signup, there is no way of earning platinum in the game via the normal gameplay. The player must either purchase it with real-world currency, trade certain game items with other Players for said Platinum, or if the Player is extremely lucky, obtain a fair amount of Platinum by watching Devstreams or participating in contests.
When buying items with Platinum in the Market, the game will deduct from "Personal Platinum" (starter Platinum or from giveaways) first before using bought/traded Platinum.
**Trivia:**
Initially discounted Platinum was available via the Founders program that ended November 1, 2013.

## Credits
In-game description
Credits (Höllars in Höllvania) are the standard currency in WARFRAME. They are used to purchase Blueprints, Equipment, and some Weapons from the market; used for building items via the Foundry; and used in the fusion and transmutation of Mods.
Then the player completes a mission, they will typically be given a Credit Reward dependent upon the difficulty of the mission. Alert missions often come with a high credit reward which is added to the mission's normal Credit Reward.
Credits can also be obtained from killing enemies, breaking containers, and searching lockers.
Survival missions can offer bonus Credit Caches in small amounts upon completion of the mission.
They can also be gained by selling Mods, Weapons, Warframes, Sentinels, Boss Sigils, Titan Extractors, and blueprints from a player's inventory, via the Equipment menu.
Keep in mind that while earned Mastery Ranks from Affinity on Warframes, Weapons, and Sentinels will be retained if those items are sold, the following investments will be lost even if rebuilt:
Supercharging through an Orokin Reactor or Orokin Catalyst
Added or altered Polarities through Forma
An attached Exilus Warframe Adapter or Exilus Weapon Adapter
Lenses used to acquire Focus points
Most Resources, Appearance items, Void Keys, and Lenses cannot be sold. Credits can be gained with real-world money directly via the two Credit Bundles: Frugal and High Roller.
Increasing Credits Gained
A Credit Blessing can be obtained from any MR30 player in a public Relay, granting a 25% increase in credit gains for 3 hours. This stacks additively with the Credit bonus from Effigy, and multiplicatively with other credit bonuses.
Credit Reward
Each mission on the Star Chart (with the exception of Free Roam) will give a base Credit Reward based on the starting enemy level of that mission without any mission/gameplay modifiers (e.g. Nightmare Mode, The Steel Path, Void Fissures, etc.):
Credit Reward 1000 + (100 (Minimum Enemy Level - 1)) + Additional Credit Reward
Some missions (notably Dark Sectors and Railjack missions) will provide an additional Credit Reward that is separate from the Credit Reward described above.
For Railjack missions, the enemy level used in this calculation will be ground units' level, not the fighter ships' level.
Farming Tips
These are based on opinions and may not be true. These should be viewed as advice unless proven undoubtedly true. Check comments for confirmation.
The Daily First Win Bonus doubles the end-of-mission credit reward for most missions, so doing a high-reward mission (e.g. Arbitrations and high-level Railjack missions) as your first one after each Daily Tribute can help maximize your income.
The Index on Neptune is the most lucrative game mode in Warframe for newcomers, as it is specifically designed to reward large amounts of credits via wagering. Choosing the High Risk investment costs 50,000 to attempt, but rewards 250,000 for each round won (appearing on the end-of-mission screen as 200,000 due to the initial investment of 50,000 being subtracted).
This reward is affected by an active Credit Booster, but ONLY for the first round. Subsequent rounds won will award exactly 250,000 regardless of boosters.
A carefully placed Rank 3 Effigy from Chroma can double the following high value physical drops:
Defeating the Profit-Taker Orb rewards a base amount of 125,000. It is a credit source oriented toward veteran players as a more lucrative game mode compared to the Index. However, defeating Profit-Taker in a timely manner requires heavy investment in weapons and mods, as well as a sound strategy to overcome the unusual mechanics of the fight. Newcomers will likely find it an undesirable source of credits, unless they have a veteran carry them through it.
Opening a Techrot Safe in Höllvania gives a base amount of Höllars, and can be done very quickly by veterans who can traverse the map efficiently. However, unlike Profit-Taker, this task can be completed by anyone willing to search for the Techrot Safe. If you have difficulty locating the safes, try doing the missions when there's an active "SHELL CRACKER" bounty, which will mark the safe on your map when you enter the mission.
Because these two sources of credits are based on drops, rather than end-of-mission Credit Rewards, they are also affected by Credit Booster, Credit Blessing, and Prosperous Retriever/Loyal Retriever, most of which stack multiplicatively with each other. A Techrot Safe boosted by Effigy, Credit Blessing, and a Prosperous Retriever proc will display as a blue Höllars pickup (100,000 * (2 + 0.25) * 2), which will be doubled to Höllars by Credit Booster at the end of the mission.
Arbitrations always give 50,000 per completion. The Daily First Win Bonus can double this to 100,000.
Sorties grant a total of 100,000 for completing all three missions, once per day.
Completing Laomedeia, the Disruption mission on Neptune, can reward you with 30,000 per B rotation and 50,000 per C rotation. If the rounds are completed fast enough, this mission can net more credits than The Index. This can be affected by any active credit boosters, but since these are Credit Caches, they are not affected by the Daily First Win Bonus.
Any Endless mission has the potential to award a large number of credits, depending on how long you stay and what level the enemies are at; staying for about 20 rounds on Spear, Mars for example, will award more credits than staying for the same number of rounds on Lith, Earth, both of which are Defense missions.
Excavation and Survival missions are the recommended way to farm credits via this method, as Defense only allows players to leave at the end of each third round. In Excavation missions, extraction is immediately and permanently available after a single completed dig site, and the same is true for Survival after the initial 5-minute counter.
Dark Sector missions are a handy source of credits for early newcomers. Infested enemies generally spawn at higher rates than other factions (resulting in more credit drops), and the end-of-mission credit rewards are also larger.
Memphis on Phobos gives a bit less than 20,000, and extraction is available after 2 rounds (about 5 minutes). This one is easy; it does not matter if a few Kavor Defectors die. Each wave has 3, and the mission fails if 10 of them die.
Hieracon on Pluto is one of the fastest ways to farm credits. Since it's an Excavation mission, extracting after the first excavator has finished will yield 20,000 in under 5 minutes.
Sechura on Pluto and Seimeni and Gabii on Ceres will give 20,000 after the first 5 minutes or 3 waves. Also note that more players in the squad increases the credit gains by approximately 1,000 per additional player.
Tikal on Earth is the earliest Dark Sector available to new players, and it gives 12,000 in addition to the potential Excavation rewards.
Battle pay from Invasions and Infested outbreaks often yield large amounts of credits.
Sort through your inventory on occasion and sell unwanted items such as excess blueprints and mods.
At the bottom right of the inventory screen is an option to show only sellable items.
This also applies to extra Captura scenes, from the Jupiter Secret Labs or Sanctuary Onslaught.
Railjack missions award a decent amount of credits upon completion, usually no less than 30,000 to 40,000 per completed mission (if done solo). For example, completing the entirety of Earth Proxima should, in theory, award a player no less than 200,000, and is the easiest place to farm credits this way by themselves.
Neptune Proxima and Pluto Proxima are possibly the most efficient places to farm credits in this manner: the enemies are of a higher level than on Earth Proxima or Venus Proxima, which equates to a slightly higher battle pay, but it is low enough to be manageable by a single player. Overall, the total payoff should be no less than 50,000 per completed mission.
Veil Proxima presents the highest risk-to-reward ratio for this farming method, as the battle pay tends to be no less than 100,000 per mission, and consequently the level of the enemies there are much higher.
Zariman Ten Zero bounties can award upwards of 60,000 per successful mission completion, though better success is found if doing either Void Flood, Void Cascade, or Void Armageddon as they are endless missions. Beyond that, it is advisable to loot mission areas if given the opportunity.
**Trivia:**
The Credit seems to be of Corpus design.
According to Cephalon Cordylon, "Credit rewards are distributed by the Lotus for the successful completion of a Mission. These Credits are obtained by various means, whether through the resale of information obtained during espionage or the acquisition of goods obtained through remnant Corpus or Grineer outposts. On rare occasions the Lotus is forced to keep such discoveries secret, but such valuable data often comes with its own benefits."
The coloration and size of credits seems to resemble real world hard currencies. The longer green "silver" credits resemble paper money, while the smaller "bronze" credits resemble coins.
Guides
ZkSWmMD7c58

## Incarnon
Cavalero
Incarnons are a weapon upgrade progression system that touches them to the Void. It increases their lethality and grants them an Alternate Fire mode, as well as various augmentations through evolutionary upgrades.
Some weapons come pre-installed with Incarnon upgrades, such as the weapons from Zariman and Sanctum Anatomica, which were originally ceremonial paraphernalia altered by the Void accident, and the experiments of one Albrecht Entrati respectively. Others require the installation of their own Incarnon upgrades through an Incarnon Genesis, which can be obtained through playing The Circuit in The Steel Path.
All weapon types such as Prime, Wraith and Vandal are eligible to receive a Genesis. However, Akimbo and Dual weapons are not considered the same weapon under the Incarnon system, and will not be eligible for Incarnon upgrades.
Zariman Incarnon weapons are accessible by completing Angels of the Zariman. Sanctum Anatomica Incarnon weapons are accessible by completing Whispers in the Walls and The Deadlock Protocol. Incarnon Genesis items are obtainable by completing The Duviri Paradox as well as unlocking The Steel Path.
Incarnon Weapons
Zariman
Sanctum Anatomica
Isleweaver
Incarnon Genesis Primary
Incarnon Genesis Secondary
Incarnon Genesis Melee
**Acquisition:**
Incarnon Weapons can be acquired by:
Completing Angels of the Zariman, and then purchasing the weapon blueprints with The Holdfasts standing from Cavalero in Chrysalith. Additionally, these blueprints require the player to be at least Mastery Rank 14 and are tradeable.
Completing Whispers in the Walls and The Deadlock Protocol, and then running Armatus, Deimos for a chance of the weapon blueprint and parts as part of a Rotation reward. Alternatively collecting enough Vessel Capillaries from the game mode will allow the player to buy the blueprints and parts from Loid in Sanctum Anatomica.
Completing The Hex, and then running Isleweaver on Duviri to collect enough Scuttler Husk to purchase the weapon blueprint from Acrithis or Dominus Thrax in the Dormizone.
Incarnon Genesis Adapters can be acquired by:
Completing The Duviri Paradox and unlocking The Steel Path, and then running The Circuit with Steel Path modifier enabled to obtain up to two Incarnon Genesises every week. The rotation of Incarnon Geneses available changes with each week and can be seen in the table below. Genesis items can be installed on weapons by talking to Cavalero with the Duviri resources required.
Alternatively, the player may purchase the current week's available Genesis Adapters once from Cavalero's "Incarnon market" for 120. This also includes the resources used to install it.
Cavalero can also remove the Incarnon upgrade to return the Genesis Adapter, but the Duviri resources used for the installation are not refunded.
Reward Rotation
The Circuit#The Steel Path Circuit
Mechanics
thumb|x150px|right|UI indicator for Incarnon Transmutation
By completing a number of challenges based on the weapon, Incarnon weapons can receive evolutions from Cavalero. Like other challenges (Riven mods, Nightwave, etc.), progress is tracked independently from mission progress. Each weapon has a total of 5 evolutions.
The first evolution unlocks the weapon's Incarnon Form, granting them an Alternate Fire mode or increasing their stats while changing their appearances. Activating the Incarnon Form requires certain conditions be met in missions, the method of which differs depending on the weapon.
For primary and secondaries (e.g.
Laetum, Phenmor, Felarx), the Incarnon Transmutation gauge that appears under the reticle must be charged to activate by achieving weakpoint hits.
Angstrum Incarnon Genesis and Torid Incarnon Genesis are instead charged through direct hits.
While active, the Incarnon Form uses its own separate ammunition via the amount in the Transmutation gauge.
Activating the Incarnon Form only requires at least one unit of charge, but manually deactivating the mode will deplete the entire gauge.
For melees (e.g. Praedos, Innodem), the Incarnon Form is activated by reaching a 5x Melee Combo (6x for Ruvox and Genesis) and then executing a Heavy Attack, which lasts for 90 seconds (180 seconds for Genesis) and is non-refreshable.
The remaining evolutions provide 3 different selectable perks that further enhance the weapon's stats. Only one perk can be selected, which can be changed freely with Cavalero or in the Arsenal.
Challenges
Below are the challenges required to unlock the evolutions of each Incarnon weapon currently available. The first, fourth, and fifth challenges are identical between Incarnon weapons, but the second and third evolutions differ between each weapon.
Progress for all challenges is maintained between runs, so the player does not have to complete them in a single mission.
Evolution I: Kill 100 enemies with the weapon
Evolution II:
Laetum/Phenmor/Felarx/Onos/Ruvox: Kill 8 Eximus with the weapon's Incarnon Form
Praedos/Innodem: Activate Incarnon Form 6 times in a mission
Evolution III:
Laetum/Phenmor/Felarx: Land 8/20/20 weakpoint hits on Void Angels with Primary fire without reloading
Praedos/Innodem: Complete 3 Heavy Attacks on Thrax Centurions or Legates
Onos: Get 5 weakpoint hits on Scathing and Mocking Whispers in Albrecht's Laboratories with Primary fire without reloading.
Ruvox: Inflict 3 Heavy Attacks on Scathing and Mocking Whispers in Albrecht's Laboratories
Evolution IV:
Zariman Ten Zero: Close 12 Ruptures in Void Flood
Player must have contributed to closing the rupture via depositing Vitoplast.
Albrecht's Laboratories: Open 20 Conduits in Disruption on Armatus, Deimos.
Evolution V: Complete a Solo mission with an Incarnon Weapon equipped in every slot
Any mission will suffice for this challenge.
Incarnon Genesis weapons are considered for the purposes of this challenge.
Incarnon Genesis
Incarnon Genesis
Hey.
Heard you been grubbing around in the Zariman's backyard. That little tinpot 'kingdom.'
Well, in my extensive downtime, I've been having thoughts about weapons. How I could upgrade 'em. Give 'em a sprinkle of Void magic. And guess what? The Void does what the Void does. Took my ideas and made them real. How about that.
So if you've picked up a... let's call it an Incarnon Genesis, why not? An Incarnon Genesis, bring it to me and I'll get it installed for ya.
Slaughter awaits.
Cavalero
PS. Yonta says I need to say this very clearly: I cannot adapt a weapon you do not own. I will need both the Incarnon Genesis AND the weapon it applies to. Understood? I am not running a charity here.
Similarly to the Zariman weapons, the Genesis weapons have their own challenges, but only have 4 evolutions in total. Slotting in the Genesis Adapter is considered the first challenge. Challenges only need to be cleared once per weapon type, for example clearing Braton's challenges will automatically unlock perks for Mk1-Braton, Braton Prime, and Braton Vandal when acquiring their Incarnon forms. The remaining challenges are as follows:
Evolution II: Complete a solo mission with the weapon
Evolution III:
Primary/Secondary: Kill 100 enemies with the weapon's Incarnon Form
Melee: Activate Incarnon Form 6 times in a mission
Evolution IV: Varies by weapon
Movement Bonuses
Every Incarnon Genesis melee weapon offers a bonus to certain maneuver stats - usually sprint speed and bullet jump - upon transforming into Incarnon Mode. All non-Genesis melee weapons, as well as a few Genesis weapons and the Laetum, also offer some bonuses for selection as an evolution perk upgrade:
**Trivia:**
Incarnon is based on the word incarnate, which means to embody something, like a deity or spirit, in the flesh.
Quincy describes the Incarnon fueling process as "guns that eat people."

## Prime
Official site
The term Prime refers to any Weapon, Warframe, Sentinel, Archwing, or accessory made with Orokin technology. The non-Prime weapons and Warframes are based on the Orokin's designs but are not fully representative of the height of Orokin technology. Primes frequently sport improved damage, more Polarity slots, or other stat changes that grant them an advantage over their non-Prime derivatives.
Prime Warframes are typically released in the Warframe's order of release that cycles between two male frames and two female frames. Each release is accompanied by two Prime weapons, or one Prime weapon and one Prime Companion (and their associated Prime weapon, if any) or Archwing.
Lore
In the current era, the Tenno as well as black-market arms dealers are capable of imitating the success of Orokin technology in the form of the non-Prime items, resulting in slightly weaker variations.
However, the Tenno were once allowed to create some Primes of their own, examples being the Boar Prime, Dakra Prime, and the Dual Kamas Prime, and such knowledge is now lost.
By making use of ancient blueprints that were preserved in Void Relics, many Prime items are being reclaimed by the Tenno, the strength of their craftsmanship being realized once more; and with the rediscovery of the Void, Orokin technology is being reverse-engineered by the Corpus and the Grineer.
There is also evidence to suggest that some Primed weaponry were upgraded versions based on existing Tenno designs, acting as improved variants thanks to the use of Orokin technology. Some of the Prime Warframes and Prime Weapons were the original designs made for the Tenno during the Orokin Era, forming an elite Vanguard of the most powerful and dangerous warriors of the Origin System. Some Warframes were Primed from the beginning, while others had to earn the status.
Grineer soldiers that existed in the Orokin Era were considered Primed, but have long lost this status due to Cloning Decay Syndrome deteriorating their physical bodies.
Prime Access Trailers
Primes
(V) Denotes Vaulted Primes.
(R) Denotes Primes obtainable from Varzia Dax in Maroo's Bazaar or Prime Resurgence shop in Market for Aya and Regal Aya in current rotation.
(B) Denotes Primes available from Baro Ki'Teer's wares.
(P) Denotes Primes that are permanently unvaulted.
Founder-exclusive Prime Denotes Founder-exclusive Primes.
(T) Denotes TennoCon exlusive Twitch drops.
Warframe
Primary
Secondary
Melee
Archgun
Companion
Robotic Weapon
Archwing
Exalted
Extractor
Cosmetic
Emote
Prime Related
While technically not Primes, these units and items implement Orokin technology.
Artifacts
Warframes
Primary
Secondary
Melee
Archgun
Exalted
Cosmetics
Miscellaneous
Fish
Hybrids
Corrupted
Mods
**Trivia:**
A trailer will sometimes be released to promote the Prime Access for a Warframe.
Using full-model replacement or non-prime skins on items capable of equipping them will completely change the item's appearance to the model used by the skin, ex. equipping the Paris Abra Skin on the Paris Prime will change the weapon's model to that of the normal Paris equipped with the skin.
In the case of Prime Warframes, any 'attachments' on the Prime Warframe (such as the pauldrons on Rhino Prime) will be preserved, but can be toggled off if need be.
The helmet is a separate piece and can be swapped out at will from the arsenal for any alternate helmets (including the non-Prime version, regardless of whether or not the player has the non-primed variant).
As of Update 19.11, the player can apply the default skin to a primed Warframe as well as toggle Prime details on or off when using a Tennogen skin other than the Prime or default skins. However, this option is not available for skins such as Deluxe skins and Voidshells.
Baro Ki'Teer has unique dialog when addressing players equipped with Prime gear.
Though Prime Warframes typically follow the base Warframe's order of release, this is not necessarily set in stone. For example, Garuda Prime and Grendel Prime released before Khora Prime and Gauss Prime respectively, despite Khora and Gauss releasing before Garuda and Grendel.
Sevagoth Prime releasing after Protea Prime notably breaks the release order and the traditional two male and two female pairing, skipping past Xaku and Lavos, while no other female Prime Warframe was released before or after Protea Prime.

## Void Fissure
Void Fissures, also known as Void Storms in Empyrean missions, are a type of mission in which players can open Void Relics and obtain the treasure within. Relics were introduced with Update Specters of the Rail.
Access
left
At most times, one or two Void Fissure missions are available for all available types of Fissures:
Lith Fissure, to open Lith Relics
Meso Fissure, to open Meso Relics
Neo Fissure, to open Neo Relics
Axi Fissure, to open Axi Relics
Requiem Fissure, to open Requiem Relics
Omnia Fissure, to open Lith, Meso, Neo and Axi Relics (but not Requiem)
They are associated with a normal mission node on the Star Chart, which must be unlocked to play the Void Fissure mission, unless the player is on Steel Path. Fissures can be repeated as often as desired during their availability and they will give standard rewards associated with the mission type.
When entering a Void Fissure mission, players can equip a Void Relic of the appropriate tier, or any tier (excluding Requiem) in case of Omnia Void Fissures.
If they complete the mission, they can choose an item from their relic or another player's relic as a reward.
If players have no relic equipped, they can complete the mission, but will not receive any rewards from other players' relics.
If the player chooses to stay in Endless missions after a rotation, they will be prompted to use another relic.
Void Fissures do not appear for Defection, Assassination, Archwing, Landscape, Orphix missions, or any nodes in Höllvania. Lua, the Zariman Ten Zero, and Albrecht's Laboratories have Omnia Void Fissures instead of regular fissures but only appear on the following nodes: Yuvarium and Circulus (Conjunction Survival) on Lua, Everview Arc (Void Flood) and Tuvul Commons (Void Cascade) on Zariman Ten Zero, and Cambire (Alchemy) and Persto (Survival) in Albrecht's Laboratories.
Gameplay
thumb|194x194px|A Void Fissure.
In addition to the mission's assigned objectives (e.g.
Exterminate, Capture, Spy, etc.), Void Fissures will appear along the mission objective path, spawning in 3 Corrupted units from the Void as well as converting nearby native enemies into Corrupted units.
Enemies converted by Void Fissures are considered to belong to the Corrupted for Faction Damage Bonus effects.
While most enemies can be converted to Corrupted, they are considered identical in terms of Codex completion (e.g. scanning newly converted Scorpions will count towards any preexisting progress to the standard Scorpion's codex entry).
thumb|207x207px|Reactant.
When a Void Fissure opens, one of the spawned or converted enemies will drop a Reactant, which the players must pick up and collect 10 of to meet their required goal. At this point that player can complete the mission and receive their reward. When the player obtains 10 Reactant, they will be awarded with 6-30 Void Traces at extraction, a resource used to refine Void Relics to make them drop rarer rewards, and to craft Dragon Keys.
Void Storms in Empyrean missions additionally feature randomly appearing hazards called Void Sinks that deal radial Impact damage, but attacking them before they explode will cause them to disappear. Only foot soldiers can be turned into Corrupted, leaving space fighters unaffected. However, thunderstorms can occur whilst in space, which deals high damage to both the Railjack and enemy ships alike.
Upon opening the Relic, the player will also receive a buff to one of their equipped gear which gets corrupted for an amount of time based on the tier of the Void Fissure (time 30sec tier). The buffed gear will emit lightning bolts and gets a corrupted texture effect.
Corrupted Warframes receive a 2x multiplier to Ability Strength and Ability Range.
This affects the total value, meaning with a maxed Intensify for 130% Ability Strength will turn into 260% while the buff is active.
Primary and secondary weapons receive 100% Ammo Efficiency and have their damage increased by 25%.
Damage increase is multiplicative to all other sources of damage bonuses.
Melee weapons receive increased damage.
All players who have opened their relic will be able to receive its rewards, choosing one item from their own relic or another player's. If players select the reward of another player, that person receives 5 Void Traces per person that chose their reward. If the player fails to open the relic when the mission completes, they will not be eligible for any relic rewards, but their relic will not be consumed.
If a player did not bring a Relic, they will not be eligible for any relic rewards, but they will still be able to see and collect Reactant, and they will still be awarded Void Traces for collecting 10 Reactant.
Endless Missions
Endless Void Fissure missions Interception, Defense, Survival, Void Cascade, Alchemy, Void Flood and Excavation have bonus rewards per rotation if the player collects enough Reactant:
1.25x Affinity Booster
1.25x Credit Booster
1.25x Resource Booster
1.25x Resource Drop Chance Booster
One random Exceptional Relic of the mission's relic tier in Lith, Meso, Neo and Axi fissures. Omnia and Requiem fissures provide a random Lith, Meso, Neo or Axi relic.
1.5x Affinity Booster
1.5x Credit Booster
1.5x Resource Booster
1.5x Resource Drop Chance Booster
One random Flawless Relic of the mission's relic tier
Boosters will continue to increase by 0.25x up to a cap of 2x, occurring at the nineteenth interval.
Every fifth interval after 15 rewards a random Radiant Relic of the mission's relic tier.
Boosters from Endless Void Fissure missions only take effect during that mission.
The bonus relics are immediately available and can be used in the same mission.
Rewards
Void Storm
Empyrean Void Storms have an additional reward table on end of mission. A relic does not need to be brought or opened to obtain these rewards.
Empyrean/RewardsVoidStorm
The Steel Path
Players who open their own relic in Steel Path Fissures are guaranteed 1 Steel Essence per relic opened on end of mission.
**Notes:**
Void Fissures are a decent way to level up new Warframes and gear, because of the constant enemy spawning from the fissure with a lot of heavy units.
Reactant dropped from Void Fissure enemies are not consistent across players (everyone gets individual drops). However, due to the split nature of team roles in Railjack content, Reactant picked up in Void Storm missions are shared across all players similar to other drops in these mission modes.
Fissure enemies spawned during endless missions appear to not level up along with the rest of the enemies as time passes, causing them to stay at base mission level until extraction.
Fissure spawn rules somehow affect local spawn rules:
Spawn rates of heavy units noticeably increase.
Newly spawned local enemies might start to fight between themselves while not fighting corrupted enemies from the fissure.
Completion of the fissure mission will count towards Star Chart progression and will unlock adjacent nodes.
The official Warframe mobile app can show current void fissures including fissure level and type of mission. It can be downloaded here and here for Android and iOS respectively.
Void Fissures in Jupiter can corrupt Sentient Battalysts and Conculysts found in the Secret Laboratories, as in Lua, despite the Void being "toxic" to them. These Corrupted Sentients act normally, keeping their ability to adapt.
Enemies who become corrupted have a brief invulnerability period of about two seconds and regain their health to full. This can only happen once for that enemy regardless if another fissure opens.
The ghost forms of Thrax Centurions and Thrax Legatus can be corrupted, regaining health to full. Uncorrupted Thrax can also be corrupted while capturing Exolizers in Void Cascade, allowing them to capture it due to the full heal and brief invincibility.
Void Cascade missions also have a higher chance of dropping Reactant. (Needs testing)
**Tips:**
As Void Fissures frequently spawn Corrupted Nullifiers even on lower levels, players are advised to prepare weapons and Warframes that are appropriate against them, such as rapid-fire weapons for taking down Nullifier bubbles, or melee weapons for killing them from within the bubble.
Incoming Corrupted enemies will be staggered and vulnerable for a few seconds, which opens them for quick response, unlike local enemies, who will be invulnerable while being corrupted and staggered.
Fissures tend to open directly over local, uncorrupted enemies, so cleared and locked-down room may have lowered spawn rates, while a regular alarm will increase it additionally.
Using Resourceful Retriever can increase the amount of Void Traces gained when collecting 10 reactant.
While doing Void Storm missions in Empyrean, pay attention to transmissions from Cephalon Cy indicating that the Void Storm is worsening. As time goes on, Void Sinks will appear and fully charge more rapidly, and can easily one-shot many Warframes that don't have high armor. As these Sinks deal Impact damage, anything that will reduce incoming Impact damage will help survival.
Frost's Snow Globe, Limbo's Cataclysm bubble, Gara's Mass Vitrify wall, and a friendly Arctic/Frozen Eximus unit's ice shell, can absorb Void Sink explosions forming outside the barriers, protecting Tenno and their allies staying inside the barriers.
While playing as a team during Survival, it is recommended for all members to stay in one room or somewhere nearby, to ensure every player can obtain enough reactants as Fissure spawns can get erratic.

## Void
Void Fragment
The Void (also known as the Untime) is a mysterious realm of extra-dimensional space. It is the source of many mysterious phenomena, as well as the origin of the Tenno's powers. The Void is the primary source of Argon Crystal. Additionally, missions in the Void are also guaranteed to reward a Void Relic or Aya.
The Void can be accessed via connections from Europa, Neptune, Phobos, and Sedna.
The Orokin Void serves as the main environment for the Void.
Lore & History
General
As a Star Chart location, the Void contains numerous space-fairing vessels known as Orokin Towers; gleaming white and gold structures built by the Orokin to serve as sanctuaries against Sentient attack during the Old War. These towers are of immense interest to the major factions of the Origin System who desire the vast treasures and Orokin technology hidden within.
The First Void Voyage
thumb|244x244px|Inside the Void
At first, the Void was merely observed by the Orokin, with any unique occurrences and phenomena recorded for potential study. Its full potential wasn't realized until much later by prominent Orokin scientist Albrecht Entrati. He theorized that the Void could be used to aid the Orokin in entering a new age era of space travel and interstellar colonization.
After years of numerous failures and the loss of support from his peers, Albrecht would begin to believe that the Void was simply nothing; an actual void, lacking form and energy. To ambitions of space travel, it appeared to be just another dead end.
However, Albrecht would instead use himself as a test subject in traveling through an experimental Void gate, known as the Wall of Lohk.
He would ultimately be successful in his experiment, successfully crossing over to the Void through the use of aSeriglass Shard Bell.
While inside the Void, Albrecht saw a vast sea of white light pierced by black stars; a flowing, colorful vapor twirling around him, whose source was the wall he came through and his own head.
However, he would meet an unknown entity within that mimicked his appearance and fled in terror.
After years of research into unknown traces of Void energy, also known as Untime, he was responsible for the creation of the Heart, a device used to "pump the arteries of 'the here' and the Void" according to Mother.
The Heart is responsible for channeling Void-related phenomenon to the current reality, keeping the "Wall of Lohk" open between the Void and the physical world.
The Entrati family has maintained this Heart for generations, preserving the functionality of what remains of the Orokin Empire, potentially including the function of the Solar Rail.
The Deep Void
The Void appears to consist of numerous separate regions, each pertaining to a different location. There is the Kingdom of Duviri, located behind the Zariman Ten Zero; its sky ever-changing, the weather and color being based on the Dominus' fickle emotions and current mood, and can range from sullen downpours to rageful meteor showers.
The Granum Void (also known as Granum's Void) is a region of the Void where the wreckage of Parvos Granum's capital ship can be found, and where Granum was preserved by the Warframe Protea. The sky appears to endlessly burn away, while thunderous lightning crackles between the suspended fragments of stone and ship debris. The Orokin Towers reside within a relatively calmer region referred to as the Orokin Void, whose 'sky' is a calm blue, and filled with ethereal cloud-like fractals.
Comparatively, there is a more violent region referred to as the Great Indifference, where the abstract The Murmur can be found. This is an inverted realm, where upside-down, monolithic towers constructed of calcified stone hang from the land above. All the while, giant gaping mouths silently bellow into the abyss. Currently, this region is corrupting Albrecht's Laboratories, converting the labs into piles of sand and brutalist stone.
Conceptual Embodiment
thumb|A mass of Void energy, shaped to resemble a human body
One especially noteworthy aspect of the Void is its interaction with aspects of consciousness. In essence, through the power of the Void, thoughts, memories, emotions and even concepts can manifest into physical things. This unique reaction is referred to as Conceptual Embodiment.
Additionally, Conceptual Embodiment allows for a certain degree of resurrection to exist. Through the power of the Void, a being's own thoughts and consciousness can reform into a semi-exact replica of the original being.
Perhaps one of the most apparent examples of Concepual Embodiment is the kingdom of Duviri. Once a fictional land used as the setting of a children's book, the entire kingdom, inhabitants and all, were spontaneously formed within the Void by the anxieties of the Drifter during the aftermath Zariman's Void-Jump Incident.
Dangers & Risks
Due to the Void's unique paradoxical nature, excessive exposure to its energies is known to lead to numerous risks, such as temporal distortions, insanity, and being unaligned with reality. Thus, traveling through the Void is still considered to be an extremely risky act.
It is highly recommended to control one's thoughts and emotions when entering the Void, as any wayward feelings may result in unpredictable manifestations that embody said thoughts.
The children aboard the Zariman Ten Zero were an exception, retaining their sanity during the Zariman Ten Zero Incident albeit gaining uncontrollable Void-related powers. The children obtained their powers by making contact with a doppelgänger of themselves, as a means of managing the deteriorating situation on board the trapped ship.
Exposure to Void energy seems to cause some form of corruption or deformation that appears as swirling, liquid metal. This can be seen on the Tempestarii and the Zariman, especially around its Reliquary Drive. Several creatures created through Conceptual Embodiment or fully corrupted by the Void can also exhibit the same metallic texture, as seen with the Holdfasts and The Murmur.
The Void is known to be responsible for (or at least connected to) phenomenon such as time travel, parallel universes, pocket dimensions, teleportation, superposition, resurrection, and supernatural powers such as Warframe or Operator Abilities, Void Fissures, The Man in The Wall, and Dominus Thrax.
Unique Void Phenomena
The Void's influence is not strictly contained within its own dimension. Its unstable energies often leak into the reality of the Origin System, causing numerous accounts of unpredictable phenomena to occur.
Void Fissures: Void Fissures are essentially small, short-lived tears in reality that lead to the Void. They can often be seen appearing on the surface of planets, and despite their size, they are able to spew out Corrupted enemies, and can even corrupt any nearby enemies with Void energy.
Void Storms: Similar to Fissures, Void Storms are instead exponentially large fissures that slowly move across realspace like a massive fanged maw. They ravage anything caught in their path.
Void Conjuctions: Conjunctions are essentially small-scaled Void Storms that usually appear exclusively on Lua.
Despite the numerous Void manifestations that followed, these events were usually favored by the Orokin due to their unintended aid in assisting with Continuity rituals.
Rituals conducted during these times often had a much higher success rate, and thus were reserved exclusively for the Orokin Seven.
The Warframe Voruna was often employed to serve during these rituals, protecting the participants from any manner of entities that manifested from out of the Void.
Technology & Resources
The Indifference
Enemies
These units have been taken over by the Neural Sentry to protect the Towers from outside forces. Note that the Void missions accessible from Sedna junction are considered to be "Tier 4" (T4) difficulty. Enemies in these missions will deal +200% bonus damage compared to their actual levels.
The Stalker, Syndicate Kill Squads and, in Steel Path mode, Acolytes, may also appear to hunt down Tenno during Tower missions.
Missions
Unlike other planets whose entirety can be accessed from a single entry node, the Void is divided into four different branches of nodes, each set separate from each other that must be accessed from four different planets (Phobos, Europa, Neptune, & Sedna).
Note that once the Void is unlocked, completing missions on branches from a different planet will permanently unlock the mission.
This can allow a player to access other planets without unlocking their junction.
For example, completing Aten will grant access to the planet Sedna.
Void
**Trivia:**
When the Void was first introduced back in Update 8.0, players could only access it through the use of Void Keys that they could acquire during missions. The Void as a whole was significantly changed during Update Specters of the Rail, turning it into a separate system while Void Keys were changed to Relics.
The mission nodes are named after gods and deities of various Pantheons (e.g. Slavic, Mesopotamian, Aztec, etc.).
Teshub is the Hurrian god of the sky and storms.
Taranis is the Celtic god of thunder.
Hepit is the Hurrian goddess of the sky.
Tiwaz (or Týr) is a god in Germanic mythology.
Ani is the Alusi diety of the earth, fertility, and mortality.
Stribog is the Slavic god of the sky.
Belenus is the sun god in Celtic mythology.
Ukko is the Finnish god of the sky and thunder.
Oxomoco is the Aztec goddess of the night.
Marduk is the Mesopotamian god of creation, water, and vegetation.
Mithra is the Zoroastrian diety of oath.
Mot is the Canaanite god of death.
Aten is the Aten sun god.

## Operator
The LotusThe Operator is the Tenno represented by the player, a young human with the ability to channel theVoid. Operators control Warframes through a process known as Transference, allowing them to transfer their consciousness and power into a Warframe as a surrogate body, even over long distances.
A player first gains control over their Operator at the conclusion of The Second Dream quest, and obtains more direct control at the conclusion of The War Within. Operators gain access to weapons and Arcanes through The Quills and Vox Solaris factions. Finally, operators can learn and specialize in the Tenno's five Focus Schools.
Functions related to the Operator can be accessed in the Orbiter's Transference Room by interacting with the Somatic Link inside the ship, by entering Transference, or by accessing the Operator option under the player's Settings or in the Fast Travel Wheel (default Q).
Lore & History
The human children that would become the Operators met their fate before the Old War, as passengers of the Zariman Ten Zero, a ship used as an Orokin attempt to travel through the Void in order to reach the Tau System without a Solar Rail.
The jump failed, however, leaving the ship and its passengers stranded in the Void.
All adults on board eventually lost their minds due to the corrupting influence of the Man in the Wall, but the Indifference chose to gift the children with the ability to control Void energy, granting them the power to protect themselves.
As shown in the New War Quest, the player's character accepted this deal, becoming the Operator.
An alternate version of the child, which was the only one not granted Void powers by the entity, remained a human stuck in the Zariman, eventually becoming the Drifter.
With their new powers, the children were forced to kill their now-insane and bloodthirsty parents, and banded together for survival until the Orokin found and retrieved the Zariman. Only one of them, Rell, was ostracized by the group -and later by Margulis- for his oddities. The children were then locked away, feared and studied by the Orokin, with only Archimedian Margulis growing to care for them, becoming a second mother until her execution by the Seven.
The children would remain locked away until the Old War, when Ballas used Margulis' research to develop Transference: the children's empathy and their power to bond with another's mind allowed them to control Warframes, which were otherwise doomed to be feral and ultimately flawed creations.
Now fully becoming Operators, the children formed the Tenno, defeating the Sentient and bringing an end to the Old War.
Their final act was revenge on the Orokin for their execution of Margulis, betraying them and destroying the Empire at the behest of Natah.
Having grown to care for the children as Margulis did, Natah rebranded herself as the Lotus, and hid the Operators on the Lua Reservoir, casting the Moon into the Void to protect it from her kind.
The Operator makes their return during the Second Dream quest, where their true nature as children and controllers of the Warframes is revealed to the player.
Forced to leave the Reservoir due to Hunhow and the Stalker's attack, the Tenno manages to defeat them, and takes residence in the player's Orbiter afterwards.
During the War Within, helped by Teshin, the Operator fights the mental intrusion of the Grineer Queen, as she attempts to take over their body in her ritual of Continuity- the Orokin method of immortality.
This allows them to regain the memories that Margulis had erased to protect them from their trauma- the horrors of the Zariman, their forced killing of their parents, and the full extent of their Void powers.
In later quests, the Operator becomes increasingly aware of the Man in the Wall's existence and nature, starting with learning of Rell and his mission to hold the entity at bay in Chains of Harrow.
The Operator fully recollects their deal with the being and learns of the Drifter's existence during the New War, with the latter helping to save the Lotus and defeat Ballas.
The pair then continues cooperating to protect the Origin System, including against the increasing threat of the Indifference, with the Operator most recently seeing the Drifter off to 1999.
**Notes:**
Mods of any kind equipped on a Warframe or its weapons do not affect the Operator in any way.
Warframe abilities have no effect on Operators, such as healing. The only exceptions are Jade's Symphony of Mercy, Temple's Ripper's Wail, Koumei's Omikuji, Volt's Electric Shield, Trinity's Passive, Cyte-09's Seek (only letting you see enemy thrown walls), and for others player operator Dante's Final Verse Wordwarden summons a Noctua and Caliban's Lethal Progeny.
Most new/rework Warframe after Dante can buff operator if have ability that buff ally.
Operators can use certain Gear items, which do not share a cooldown with a Warframe.
Unlike Warframes, Operators can receive Impact damage from falling from high heights. Falling from the top of Landscapes can potentially deplete all of an unupgraded Operator's health.
Players can switch to their Operators while inside the Orbiter and interact with all segments inside.
Operators are capable of Hacking, opening lockers, reviving allies, picking up items and Mods on the ground, and picking up and carrying solid pickups like Datamasses and Power Cells, which will be dropped upon switching.
They can also pick up Health and Energy pickups, which will restore the Operator's health and Void energy respectively, but they cannot pick up Affinity pickups.
Energy Orbs collected by the Operator will also restore their Warframe's energy.
If Void Mode is activated before Hacking, opening lockers, or reviving allies has begun, the Operator will remain in Void Mode for its duration, unless they run out of energy to maintain it. This allows for the Operator to rescue would-be doomed allies in otherwise lethal situations, or hack things that would be too dangerous to hack in their Warframe.
Operators can gain energy from the Arboretum room in the Orokin Moon tileset.
The Operator's health does not recover by going in and out of Transference, they retain whatever amount of Health they had before returning to their Warframe.
Operators can be healed by various sources, including their own Focus passives and Health Orbs.
If reduced to zero health, the Operator will be forced back into their Warframe, have their health restored to full, and their Warframe will receive Transference Static.
The effects of Volt's Electric Shield apply to Void Beam.
The electricity damage will not apply to shields of the larger Eidolons.
The Operator cannot be summoned in a Relay or in the Conclave, but can be summoned in a Dojo, in Cetus, Fortuna and Necralisk.
Operators can use Emotes.
Operators can use Handshake-emote to interact with another Operator, but not with a Warframe. The area in which the emote will 'lock on' to another Operator is also far smaller than it is with two Warframes.
The Operator can not play the Shawzin.
Sentinels and Syndicate Operatives will not follow the Operator, and will instead stay behind with the Warframe. They will still remain active however and will stand their ground and use abilities.
However, Companions, Specters, Rescue Targets and Operatives, and Eidolon Lures that have been deployed and hacked by the Operator will follow them.
The Operator has their own Stealth Affinity Bonus counter, which is independent of the Warframe's own Stealth Affinity counter. This counter is maintained and will continue to count down even when the Operator returns to the Warframe. As the counters are independent, it is possible to kill an alerted enemy with the Operator without losing the Stealth Affinity Bonus on one's Warframe.
Replaying The Second Dream quest will disable the player's ability to perform Transference when playing any mission in the quest. Players will be given access to Transcendence during the quest, however.
While in Operator mode, Sentinels and Companions will continue to attack enemies and take damage.
Sentinels hover above the Warframe instead of following the Operator, making them vulnerable to damage.
The Operator can carry a different Amp and set of Arcanes to their Drifter counterpart, making for a convenient way of quickly switching to an alternate build when necessary (i.e. a specific build for Eidolon hunts for the Operator, another specific build for Zariman missions for the Drifter).
Due to story reasons, the Operator cannot appear in Höllvania. While the Operator can still be selected and customized in the Backroom, initiating Transference still forces control of the Drifter.
**Tips:**
The Operator can be used as a complementary stealth kit for Warframes without stealth capabilities, as Void Mode allows them to remain undetected from enemy vision.
Additionally, all of the Operator's Void powers are silent, making them ideal for performing stealthy actions.
Note that the Warframe will still draw aggro if seen, and non-sentinel companions will continue following the Operator.
Passing through Corpus and Grineer energy defenses like Laser Barriers and Sensor Bars in Spy Data Vaults while in Void Mode will still activate the Vault's alarms. Void Sling, despite its appearance, will also trigger the alarms.
Under Void Mode, it is possible to capture a target, hack a console, and revive an ally, while remaining invulnerable from all sources of damage including auras and Status Effects.
Void Beam can destroy Magnetic anomalies in Reactor Sabotage missions, though destroying it will emit Electricity damage in a large radius, potentially dealing damage to the Operator.
The Operator counts as a separate entity from the Warframe for the purposes of mechanics like pressure plates. This can be used for various situations requiring a player to hold two different locations at once, such as the Collaboration Test on the Orokin Moon.
While the Operator can capture Interception points, their inactive Warframe will not.
The damage resistance gained by a Warframe during Transference can be used to survive damage that would otherwise be fatal, such as Toxin status effects.
The Operator's Shwaak Prism Amp part can be used to quickly dispel Arctic Eximus Unit Ice Bubbles, enemy shields, or even Nullifier Crewman weak spots thanks to the Shwaak's high innate Impact damage.
The Operator's brief second period of invulnerability can be used to body block otherwise fatal Bombard rocket damage if timed correctly.
**Trivia:**
In Digital Extremes's script of The War Within, they refer to their own Operator used for story purposes as Mara.
The term Operator was first used by Ordis to refer to the Tenno during the events of the Vor's Prize quest, which was first introduced in Update 14.
Transference employs a device known as a Somatic Link.
The Transference ability extends beyond controlling Warframes. During The War Within and within Duviri, transference is used to possess an Orokin creature known as the Golden Maw. It can also be used to control Necramechs and Orowyrms. In 1999, the Drifter is shown to use Transference to control the Protoframes, and directly linking to Arthur's mind, controlling him in three instances.
Before Update 22, the Operator was capable of using Ground Finishers on downed enemies with their fists by using Quick Melee (default E) while standing over and aiming at the target. This action requires significant amounts of Void energy to perform however, otherwise, the Operator will simply use Void Blast instead.
During an Infested mission, the Operator may be heard saying "We are immune to the Infestation, but they're still trying to kill us." This suggests the Tenno are directly immune to the Infestation, though it is unknown how or why. However, the Operator may also be referring to immunity by proxy, as the Warframes, being already infested, are immune to Infestation.
According to the Drifter, they were born on Earth. As their lives were the same before their stories drifted, the same applies to the Operator.
Aliases
Void Demon (by Orokin)
Demon (by Helminth)
Devil/Abominable Child (by Ballas)
Star-Child (by Vitruvian Ordis)
Kiddo (by The Man in The Wall and their Father)
Dreamers (by Worm Queen, Nora Night and The Unum)
Sparky (by Eudico)
Glinty (by Roky)
Child (By Lotus and Roathe)
Bees/Parasite/Aphids (by Erra)
Putrid Ape (by Pazuul)
Betrayer (by Alad V)
Boss (by Legs)
Chip (by Otak)
Ayatan (by the Entrati)
Stardust (by Ticker)
Angel (by Margulis and their Mother)
Chosen Operator (by the Cavia, Loid (Original) and Albrecht Entrati)
Kid (by Drifter)
Tiny copy (by Marie)

## Transference
Margulis
Transference is the action of a being projecting their mind into a host, and being able to influence or control it like their own body.
General
Transference is an innate Tenno ability that the Orokin were able to replicate with technology.
Somatics
Somatics refer to the technology used in facilitating Transference.
Somatic Pods
Transference Bolts
Transference Pads
Vulnerabilities
Kuva - Such as the Kuva Trokar and Kuva Scepter, which can severe Transference links.
Surrogate Struggle - The surrogate body may attempt to struggle against the Transference link, and so the controller may need to wrestle against their will.
Excalibur Umbra - later subdued
Golden Maws in Duviri
Orowyrm
The Void-Jump Accident & The Old War
After the Zariman Ten Zero was discovered after being lost in the Void, Archimedean Margulis orphaned the children of the ship, and had been under her care, despite the rest of the Orokin's wishes that they should be killed out of fear of their power.
Warframe Creation
The War Within
The Silver Grove
Margulis was mentioned to recruit researchers to help with Transference therapy, presumably to build surrogate bodies for the children of Zariman Ten-Zero. As Silvana, the researcher involved in the creation of The Silver Grove, puts it "she needed the best Infestation biologist". But later, it seemed the project was turned into the creation of Warframes.
Rell's Sacrifice
Rell, a cast-out Tenno, denied access to Margulis' cryosleep and the Dream that preserved the other Tenno, Rell eventually and willingly sacrificed himself in a ritual the Red Veil believed would seal The Indifference out of the mortal plane. Rell's mind was bound to his Warframe, Harrow, which was then chained in the Red Veil's sacred temple in an Orokin Derelict.
Due to his prolonged life, Rell's mind became splintered and separated from his vessel.
While the Tenno try to recover the fragments of his mind, Rell repeatedly mentions that The Man in the Wall is listening to the Tenno and grows stronger from that.
Lotus and Ordis, however, explains it away as Void induced delusions and loss of control over Transference.
Eventually Palladino, Speaker of The Veil, asks Tenno to destroy the vessel, thus freeing the weakened Rell, so he would be able to "rest", and placing the burden of holding off The Indifference on all remaining Tenno.
Excalibur Umbra
During The Sacrifice quest, Excalibur Umbra forced the Operator out of Transference after they rebuild his data, going on a rampage. The Operator used Transference on him three more times, tapping into his memories while reassuring him that they will fight Ballas together. Umbra eventually calms down and accepts the Operator's Transference, and battled Ballas on Earth together.
Duviri
The Drifter is able to perform Transference by using Natah's severed hand as a catalyst, allowing him to control Warframes like the Tenno did. Later, when Dominus Thrax captured and executed Teshin, the Drifter used Transference on an Orowyrm that approached them with their newfound anger and power, destroying other Orowyrm reinforcements summoned by Thrax.
Orowyrms during The Duviri Experience/The Lone Story can force the Drifter out of Transference if they lingers for too long.
Golden Maws used for Fishing are also implied to have used Transference on them, indicated with the Transference sound effect. Like the Orowyrm, the Golden Maw have a time limit that forces the Drifter out of Transference if they didn't capture enough fish for too long.
Transference-Susceptible Objects
Warframes - Surrogate war platforms created to combat the Sentient threat.
Golden Maws - Worm-like Orokin constructs that act like ravenous animals on their own.
Necramechs - Archaic and autonomous war platforms created during the Old War before the Warframes.
The Silver Grove - A grove of trees that are part of Earth's forest. Through Transference, Archimedean Silvana was able to transfer her mind into the Grove.
Orowyrms - Gigantic dragon-like Orokin constructs.

## Orbiter
Tenno
Orbiter Fragment
Orbiters are large spacecraft piloted by the Tenno to travel throughout the Origin System. They are the first Base of Operations, serving as the player's mobile carrier used for storing resources, equipment, and weapons. An Orokin Cephalon known as Ordis acts as the Orbiter's main computer.
Overview
An advanced interstellar ship, the Orbiter is home to numerous travel, research and development functions that support the Tenno in their journey. These ship systems are distributed across the spacecraft, becoming activated as the player acquires and installs Segments.
The upper section of the Orbiter is the Bridge and features interactive consoles primarily related to navigation, communications, and information. The entirety of the Bridge is, in reality, the Landing Craft, a smaller ship that docks into the front of the Orbiter.
Heading down a ramp at the rear of the Bridge leads to the lower section, known as the Orbiter Hall, which is the interior of the Orbiter itself and houses consoles used to build, upgrade, and customize equipment. Farther back are additional doors leading to the Orbiter Rooms that are initially inaccessible and can be unlocked by completing Quests or through other methods.
Landing Craft
The Landing Craft is a vessel used to stealthily transport Tenno into hostile zones and for extraction. When docked with the Orbiter, the cockpit view shows the current celestial body the Orbiter is positioned around. The design of the Landing Craft/Bridge interior is based on the shape of the Liset. Swapping to another Landing Craft does not change the upper section's interior.
Landing Craft/Types
Ship Systems
The Orbiter's onboard systems act as the interface for various features.
When boarding the Orbiter for the first time, most of the systems are offline.
These are reactivated through the installation of Orbiter Segments.
The Segments needed to restore the ship's core functionality are obtained during the initial quests Vor's Prize and The Teacher.
Once installed, these systems can be accessed by interacting physically with the consoles (default X).
Alternatively, the player can bring up the Gear Wheel (default Hold Q) or the Main Menu (default Esc→ Equipment) to access each one quickly without manually traversing the ship.
Acquiring additional Segments can bring more systems online or enhance the capabilities of existing ones. These can be obtained — whether as blueprints or fully built — through Quests, Junctions, Vendors, Clan research, enemy drops, or purchased from the Market.
Upper Section (Bridge)
When loading into the game after completing the Awakening quest, the player spawns in the Bridge, a small section of the ship with a wide windshield and multiple terminals, each with different capabilities. This area is primarily used to launch missions, along with access to additional information about the game, make item purchases, and engage with other gameplay mechanics.
Navigation
thumb|width=300x300|A clear view of the Star Chart at the beginning of the game.
The Navigation console is located at the center of the upper section, directly in front of the window.
It is the second system unlocked in the Orbiter, immediately after installing the Arsenal Segment.
A floating, transparent panel will display a summary of ongoing Events, Alerts or Nightwave Challenges, as well as various cycles for Open Worlds.
Interacting with the Navigation console will open the Star Chart, which provides an an overview of all the planets in the Origin System.
Each planet has a cluster of nodes that can be selected to begin a mission or visit locations.
Initially the Navigation console will only allow travel to missions on Earth, with access to other planets requiring the completion of Junction tasks.
The Star Chart screen is also home to the World State Window in the upper-right corner, which displays categories for activities the player has access to (e.g.
Events, Quests, Alerts, Invasions, Syndicate Alerts, Daily Synthesis Tasks, Void Fissures, Sorties).
Other features include quick access to the current Arsenal Loadout, a tab for the latest season of Nightwave, and the deployment and recovery of Resource Extractors.
Deeper into the game, the Empyrean, Duviri and currently active Adversary menus can be reached from the Star Chart.
After completion of The Old Peace quest, the Navigation console will have a second prompt (default F) to access the Dark Refractory.
Codex
The Codex can be found at a console desk to the back-left of the upper section. An all-encompassing information hub, it serves as a way to view available Quests, browse all owned and unowned items (e.g. Warframes, Weapons, Void Relics, Mods), cataloging any scans with the Codex Scanner ranging from enemy stats to hidden lore Fragments scattered across the Origin System, interact with the Leverian, and tutorials for other gameplay mechanics and mission types.
News
To the right side of Navigation is the News console, unlocked after acquiring the Communications Segment during the Vor's Prize quest.
Like Navigation, a holographic panel will display brief headlines about Warframe relating to patch notes, upcoming events or other game related news.
Interacting with the console allows the player to select and read more about each news story, organized into the News and Community tabs.
At the top is the Update History Screen tab, highlighting the latest game content.
This banner tab can also be accessed from the bottom-right of the Main Menu (default Esc).
Market
At the back-right of the upper section, opposite the Codex, is the Market console desk. This is the in-game store where players can purchase a wide variety of items, including Warframes, Weapons, Blueprints, Equipment, cosmetics, and more. These can be purchased for either Credits or Platinum, with certain bundles such as Prime Access available to buy with local currency.
Nightwave
thumb|width=300x300|The Nightwave console, next to the ramp which leads to the Orbiter Hall.
Before descending the ramp to the lower section of the Orbiter, there is a small console to the right. After completing Vor's Prize, players will unlock Nightwave, a seasonal progression system with a collection of daily and weekly challenges that can be completed to earn unique rewards. The Nightwave screen can be accessed from this console, or by selecting the banner tab to the bottom-right of either the Main Menu (default Esc) or the Star Chart screen.
Along with occasional broadcasts from Nora Night, the Nightwave console also picks up ambient audio transmissions from enemy, ally or neutral sources. These radio signals can be turned off by opening the Nightwave screen and toggling "Orbiter Radio" at the bottom.
These radio transmissions include, but are not limited to:Orbiter/Radio
Additional consoles in the upper section become available as the player progresses through the game by completing Quests or reaching other unlock requirements.
Syndicates
To the immediate left of Navigation is the Syndicates console, where features relating to the multiple factions that populate the Origin System can be found. These include viewing current reputation ranks, browsing available offerings, and the option to directly visit a Syndicate's headquarters. This console is unlocked after reaching Mastery Rank 3.
The Plexus (Railjack)
Found in between the Syndicates and Navigation console, the Plexus becomes available after the completion of The Archwing quest.
This console grants the ability to invest in upgrades relating to Railjacks, powerful space battleships used in Empyrean missions.
Plexus upgrades are personal to individual players, whether they join another Squad or are using their own Railjack acquired during the Rising Tide quest.
The Plexus screen is used to equip Railjack-exclusive Mods and allocate skill points to Railjack Intrinsics.
For other upgrades and customization options related to Railjacks (e.g. armaments, components, crew), players must visit a Dry Dock.
Pom-2
After completing The Hex quest, the Pom-2 console appears next to the News and Market console.
TheHex
thumb|width=300x300|The Pom-2 console, appearing as a late 90s computer.
The Pom-2 acts as a portal for features related to 1999. It is used to access missions in the city-state of Höllvania in the year 1999, as well as visit the Höllvania Central Mall social hub. Other options include tracking the progress of 1999 Calendar challenges and engaging in conversations with Protoframes using the Kinemantik Instant Messenger service. The Base of Operations can also be switched from the Orbiter to the Backroom.
Leading up to the release of Update 38 (2024-12-13), a Pom-2 would appear in the Orbiter after the completion of Vor's Prize, enabling access to the WARFRAME: 1999 Demo. This demo is no longer accessible.
Lower Section (Orbiter Hall)
Proceeding down the ramp from the Bridge leads to the Orbiter Hall, an open plan room with a glass ceiling. This area of the ship is composed of workstations and companion bays, predominantly focused on crafting and upgrading equipment.
Arsenal
thumb|width=300x300|The Arsenal console, found at the other end of the Orbiter Hall.
Directly ahead after leaving the upper section of the Orbiter is a wall with the Arsenal console, where the first Segment you acquire is installed. Once activated, the current Loadout can be configured to manage which Warframes, Weapons, and other items are use for missions. After obtaining the Mod Segment during The Teacher, the player can begin to upgrade their equipment by adding Mods, as well as enhance each Mod's effectiveness with fusion.
Mods
To the immediate left after heading down the ramp of the upper section is the Mods console. With the Mod Segment installed, this console can be used to view and organize any collected Mods. The ability to enhance Mods with fusion can be done here as well. Other options include the management of duplicate Mods, whether it's to sell them for Credits, dissolving them into Endo, or selecting some to transmute for a chance of another Mod.
This console also provides access to any obtained Ayatan Sculptures, which can be slotted with spare Ayatan Stars to increase the amount of Endo extracted when taken to Maroo at Maroo's Bazaar.
Lastly, the Mods console is where Riven Mods can be cycled with Kuva, rerolling their attributes for a chance of more desirable values.
Foundry
Opposite the Mods console is the Foundry console, unlocked after installing the last Segment from Vor's Prize.
The Foundry allows the construction of several items from blueprints, using raw resources or other items collected and crafted throughout the game.
Blueprints can be acquired from numerous sources, including the Market, replicating research from a Research Lab in a Clan Dojo, dropped from certain enemies, earned as mission rewards, opening Void Relics, and sold by Vendors across the Origin System.
Crafting is processed in real-time and the amount of time can vary (For example, Weapons typically take 12 hours to build while a Quest-related item can often take only 1 minute), but they can be rushed for Platinum to instantly finish the item.
Conclave
Found in the corner to the left when facing the Arsenal is the Conclave console. This is where players can access the Conclave's PvP modes. It is the only console classified as a decoration and can be moved from this area or removed completely, returning to the player's inventory.
As with the upper section, other consoles in the lower section of the Orbiter can be brought online by fulfilling certain requirements.
Incubator
thumb|width=300x300|The Incubator, currently in the process of hatching a Kubrow Egg.
Next to the Mods console is the Incubator. After acquiring the Incubator Segment during the Howl of the Kubrow side quest, the player can grow and maintain a personal Kubrow, along with other Beast companions. The Incubator can be further upgraded with Segments to allow more types of companions and additional features. These upgrade are:
The Nutrio Incubator Upgrade Segment - improves and expands the Incubator's functions.
The Kavat Incubator Upgrade Segment - enables Kavat breeding from the Incubator.
Void Relics
Found in the corner to the right of the Arsenal is the Void Relic console. The Void Relic Segment required to unlock this console can be claimed by completing one of the Mars Junction tasks, which is achieved by completing the Once Awake quest. While Relics can be earned as mission rewards and cracked open in Void Fissures before then, the Segment is needed in order to refine them with Void Traces, which increases the chance of earning rarer rewards.
Arcanes
Located between the Mods console and the Incubator is a small console dedicated to Arcanes, upgrades similar to Mods that can be slotted onto Warframes and Weapons to provide powerful buffs when activated under specific conditions.
The Arcanes console is used to combine and de-rank owned Arcanes.
The console is unlocked when any Arcane is collected, with the earliest possible source coming from defeating an Eidolon on the Plains of Eidolon, but can be acquired sooner by trading with other players.
Railjack Transport
Descending the corridor on either side of the Arsenal leads to another area of the Orbiter.
After completing the Rising Tide quest and activating the Reliquary Drive, a fast travel point appears in the center of this section.
Interacting with this terminal allows the player to board their Railjack.
After travelling from the Orbiter to the Railjack, the Railjack's navigation console can be used to host Empyrean missions.
As with most systems in the Orbiter, it is also possible to fast travel directly to the Railjack using the Gear Wheel (default Hold Q).
The Railjack will be visible above the Orbiter through the glass ceiling in the main Orbiter Hall, connected by a large transport tube.
Orbiter Rooms
In the lowest section of the Orbiter is an area with three doors. These rooms are locked at the start of the game but will open after meeting certain conditions.
Transference Chamber
After completing The Second Dream quest, the door at the rear of the Orbiter will unlock.
trnsfrnc
right|thumb|300px|The Transference Chamber, with the Somatic Link visible in the center.
Upon returning to the Orbiter from Lua, the Warframe carries the Tenno — also known as the Operator — down to the Transference Chamber (more commonly referred to as the Transference Room). It contains the Somatic Link, the device in which the Operator resides in and allows them to control Warframes. From here, the player can manage Focus skills and customize the Operator's appearance and equipment.
Helminth Infirmary
right|thumb|300px|The Helminth Infirmary chair.
The starboard side of the Orbiter's lowest section contains a door with Infested biomass forming around it.
This door can be opened when a player has equipped Nidus or Nidus Prime, or any other Warframe infected with a Helminth Cyst, a small, purple mass growing out of their neck.
Entering the door reveals an area overtaken by Infested matter, with a huge mouth at the back of the room representing the main body of a being known as the Helminth.
According to Ordis, the room is responsible for the Orbiter's 'biological functions'.
The Helminth Infirmary contains a chair in the middle of the room.
Warframes infected with the Helminth Cyst can sit in the chair against Ordis' wishes in order to remove it and inoculate that specific Warframe from becoming infected again.
Alternatively, before curing the cyst, it can be used as material for creating a Helminth Charger at the Incubator after being infected for 7 days.
When sitting in the chair as Nidus or Nidus Prime, it will infect them with the cyst instead.
This action awakens the Helminth, communicating through subtitled translations of its rumbling and addresses the Tenno as 'Master'.
The functionality of the Helminth Infirmary can be greatly expanded by acquiring additional upgrade Segments and will grant permanent access to the room. These upgrade Segments include:
The Helminth Segment - allows the Helminth to subsume Warframes — destroying them in the process — to take one of their Abilities and allow the player to apply it onto another Warframe.
The Helminth Invigoration Segment - once a week, three randomly selected Warframes can receive temporary buffs that last for 7 days after being applied. After doing this ten times, the player has the choice to override one of the options by equipping any Warframe they desire to receive an invigoration instead. This action will reset the invigoration counter.
The Helminth Archon Shard Segment - Warframes can be imbued with Archon Shards, powerful crystals that provide permanent stat bonuses when installed.
Personal Quarters
thumb|width=300x300|The Personal Quarters.
The door on the port side of the Orbiter's lower section leads to the Personal Quarters, a space to relax and display decorations on pedestals, shelves, and more. The room is unlocked by building the Personal Quarters Segment using the blueprint provided by Ordis after completing The War Within quest. Crafting this Segment is required to progress through the Main Story Quests.
Reveal Personal Quarters Spoilers
thumb|width=300x300|The Lotus' helmet hovering on the small plinth.|left
After the disappearance of the Lotus. the small plinth at the entrance of the Personal Quarters will display the Lotus' helmet. With the resolution of The New War quest and return of the Lotus, the player can customize her appearance by interacting with it (default X), including new skins.
The Personal Quarters include several customizable options, accessible via the small terminal to the right of the large podium in the center. The options include:
Vignettes
thumb|width=200x200|The center podium with the terminal used for customizing the room.
The large podium can be used to feature Vignettes — small facsimiles of environments seen across the Origin System. These Vignettes can accommodate most player-owned decorations. If no Vignette is selected, the podium itself can be used as a decorative space.
Vignettes can be bought from the Market either individually for 90 each, or as part of the Vignette Collection for 540. Each individual Vignette purchase includes 2 Warframe Articula, small posable statues used for decoration. An exception to this is the Aquarium Vignette, which only includes a bundle of 4 common fish: Mawfish (S), Khut-Khut (S), Goopolla (M) and Charc Eel (L).vignettes
Aquariums
thumb|width=200x200|One of the two side tanks.
The Personal Quarters also houses a built-in aquarium on the right side, visible as two upright cylindrical tanks, where fish caught through fishing can be added. While the aquarium can hold up to 10 fish of all sizes, only 2 large fish can be placed inside at a time.
In addition to the permanent side tank, a large main tank can be installed on the Vignette podium, providing another display area for fish. This secondary aquarium has the same restrictions as the side tank, with a total capacity of 10 fish, including a maximum of 2 large fish.
Warframe Display
thumb|width=200x200|A Mag on display.
Between the two aquarium tank windows is a pedestal where a Warframe can be exhibited. Any Loadout in the Cooperative Loadout menu can be selected to showcase the Warframe, along with any equipped Weapons and cosmetics, by approaching the pedestal and interacting with it (default X).
Stencils
Stencils are used to customize the walls of the Personal Quarters with distinct patterns. Some can be purchased from the Market for 25 each, while others come from different sources. For example, faction-specific Stencils can be obtained for125,000 Standing from any of the six primary Syndicates.
stencils
Somachord
thumb|width=200x200|The Somachord, with a small hologram of Octavia dancing.
The Somachord is a device positioned on a circular counter in the seating area of the Personal Quarters. It functions as a jukebox, allowing for music to play inside the Orbiter. Songs can be played and changed by interacting with the Somachord (default X).
New soundtracks can be unlocked by acquiring Somachord Tones scattered across the game. These can appear as scannable purple Fragments found in Star Chart missions and some Quests, with Somachord Fragments often requiring up to 4 scans to unlock a track for use. Other Somachord Tone tracks can be purchased from multiple Vendors.
Somachord Fragments do not always spawn during a mission. When a map is generated, a random Storage Container is replaced with either a Somachord Tone, a Cephalon Fragment, or Frame Fighter Character Data, with all three having a chance to spawn in a mission at once. Even after a track has been unlocked, a Somachord Fragment can still spawn in a level.
somachord
Somachord/Tones
Customization
The Orbiter has a variety of appearance options which can be accessed via the Main Menu (default Esc → Equipment → Orbiter → Orbiter Appearance).
Scenes
The interior of the Orbiter's Bridge can be altered with unique, theme-based decoration scenes, some of which add particle effects to enhance the atmosphere.
scenes
Colors
The entirety of the Orbiter's interior can be recolored using the same Color Palettes used for Warframes and Weapons. The options available are:
Wear & Tear
Amount - Adjusts the amount of visible scratches and distressed appearance of the Bridge and main Orbiter Hall, using a slider that ranges from 0 to 100. The number can be selected to input an exact amount.
Color - Changes the color channel of the Wear & Tear effect.
Colors
Primary - Changes large portions of the walls, floor and ceiling.
Secondary - Modifies the smaller details.
Tertiary - Alters the metallic trims.
Accents - Adjusts additional elements of the walls, floor and ceiling.
Detail Lighting - Changes the emissive color of various light sources.
All Colors - Allows for randomizing or resetting all color options.
Landing Craft
The Landing Craft can be customised from the Main Menu as well (default Esc → Equipment → Orbiter → Landing Craft). Appearance options include changing colors, applying Landing Craft skins, and attaching decorative emblems referred to as a Sumdali. This menu also gives the option to equip another Air Support ability.
Decorations
The Orbiter can be further personalized by placing various items within the ship. Decorations are accessed through the Decorate option via the Main Menu (default Esc → Equipment → Orbiter → Decorate) or the Gear Wheel (default Hold Q). Sections of the Orbiter can hold a limited number of objects, with each decoration having an individual capacity cost based on its size and complexity.
Capacity Per Area:
Upper Section/Bridge: 1,000
Lower Section/Orbiter Hall: 1,600
Transference Chamber: 1,600
Helminth Infirmary: 1,600
Personal Quarters: 1,600
Decorations can be cleared in Decorate mode (default P) all at once and returned to the inventory with a text confirmation. This process can be done per area, and the action is irreversible.
**Trivia:**
A host in a Squad can invite others to visit their Orbiter by opening the Main Menu (default Esc), hovering over another player's name and selecting 'Invite To Orbiter' to send an invite.
As of Update 14.1.3 the Landing Craft can be piloted during loading screens using the movement keys. This is usually visible to other players. In high latency situations, heavy loading workload or if the executing player is the session host, it is sometimes not visible to the rest of the squad.
Pressing the left mouse button causes the Landing Craft to "aerobrake", opening its frontal engines and shifting its wings to drift backward.
The face-down way that Tenno hang from the Landing Craft is reminiscent of the depiction of ninjas using kites to stealthily travel to their destination.
The fact that Tenno can approach any location undetected implies that Landing Crafts (and possibly the Orbiter as well) have a form of stealth technology that allow them to evade detection en route.
Corroborated by Ordis and intercepted Grineer transmissions - Tenno ships possess a 'void cloak'. Whilst this generates detectable 'void mask echoes' and must be disengaged to use Solar Rails, it renders the ship extremely hard to detect, explaining how the Tenno can easily infiltrate high-security facilities.
This cloak can be visually observed in action in the Jordas Golem Assassination mission, during the transitional cutscene from ground-based to space-based combat, when the Landing Craft flies by the player after equipping their Archwing. The craft is shown being consumed by a blue shimmer of light before seemingly vanishing from sight, showing that Landing Craft can become optically invisible.
The Railjack's Plexus mod Void Cloak confirms the mechanics of Tenno stealth technology, making the ship undetectable to enemy ships and invisible from the outside.
For tile sets such as the Grineer Galleon or Corpus Ship, up to four passenger compartments can be present to accommodate multiple Tenno during extraction, suggesting several Landing Crafts are docked at the same location. However, the close proximity of the compartments is at odds with the apparent width of Landing Craft hulls, which would make it impossible for four large crafts to have their exits in such a configuration.
Only the player can be seen exiting the mission, implying the other "docks" are merely for looks to allow multiplayer extraction seem feasible.
Devstream 27 has a mention of Landing Crafts being larger on the inside than they are on the outside due to Void technologies.
During radio chatter, supposed Corpus will oddly mutter "Glory to the Queens" in one of their transmissions.
When using a glitch to walk above the Orbiter you can see a second, smaller room behind the Infested room.
The Orbiter Compartment was first mentioned in Devstream 38, though it wasn't fully introduced in the game until Update 18. Prior to this, the lower deck was significantly smaller in size.
The Orbiter is visible in the game as vessels in the Relay skybox, and only rarely in the space above and below the relay.
It finally gets an exterior model in the Drifter's Camp.
Some of the dialogue from the radio scanner were contributed by members of the community.
Without the Helminth Segment, the Operator can only enter the Helminth Infirmary if Nidus or another eligible Warframe is near enough to the door to keep it open, or the player places a roaming decoration like a Domestik Drone and it wanders into the infirmary. Entering as the Operator will trigger special dialogue from Helminth.
After completing the Chains of Harrow quest, the Man in the Wall can randomly appear in the Orbiter whenever the player returns from a mission or even when logging into the game.
It will appear as a doppelgänger of the player's Operator and can be seen sitting on one of the consoles of the Bridge, peering around the corner of the corridors beside the Arsenal, or 'playing' in the area next to the Orbiter Rooms.
When the camera is focused on the doppelgänger, it will say 'Hey Kiddo' in a distorted, echoing version of the Operator's voice.
A few seconds later, or upon the player turning the camera away, the doppelgänger will vanish.
After completing The Sacrifice quest, the Man in the Wall may continue to appear within the Orbiter. However, rather than simply greet the player, they will engage in a brief conversation about their experience with Excalibur Umbra's memories before vanishing.
During the Landing Craft loading screen, other player's Landing Craft might visually glitch and have portions of their ship protruding at different angles.
Sometimes if the player tabs through and exits the Arsenal screen too quickly, they can end up stuck inside the area used as the background when configuring their Vehicles, which is otherwise inaccessible.
The celestial body skybox will sometimes be for another planet when returning from a mission.
The Landing Crafts of other players on the loading screen may have their default colors instead of their customized colors.
After removing the Ascaris, sometimes you will be able to use weapons inside the Orbiter.
During the pre-mission cutscenes, sometimes a client will see the host drop from their (as in the client's) Landing Craft, while the client will see themselves drop down next to the host instead.
Similar to the bug above, sometimes no one will drop from the Landing Craft at all. This is simply an animation bug and you will still spawn where you should.
Sometimes when returning from your Dojo, Warframe is stuck in kneeling position. To fix this, go to the menu and return.
Sometimes, after finishing a mission and canceling host migration, your Warframe will be stuck standing on the Navigation segment. Opening your menu and selecting any of the navigation options (Codex, Foundry, Incubator, etc.) will fix this.
Attempting to add large Norg to the Orbiter aquarium will result in it being removed from your inventory and replaced with 4 small Norgs.
When placing Servofish with long bodies, like Mirewinders, in the side tank, some parts of the body will clip out through the glass as the Servofish swims around.
If the player owns Nidus and has revealed the Helminth, entering the room with a Warframe with a fully-matured cyst will prompt dialogue from Helminth and cause the doors to remain open even if the players leave the room, until the player either enters and leaves the room with Nidus or restarts the game.
When visiting another Tenno's Orbiter, if said Tenno accepts an invite to another Tenno's Dojo, after a moment, the player will be kicked out of the Orbiter and into the loading screen. It will glitch several times for another moment before the player spawns into an empty version of the inviter's Clan Dojo. The Dojo will have the same layout as the inviter, but devoid of any furnishings. If a full squad is present, the three uninvited will be put in the same bizarre Clan Dojo.
When entering the Personal Quarters, there is a chance that your Warframe display will be rapidly spinning in place. This can be fixed by reloading your Orbiter.
nKosjng3v9s

TheLiset.com, a site used to showcase the preview of Update 14. Currently leads to a 404 page.

## Landing Craft
Landing Craft Fragment
The Orbiter carries a smaller vessel called a Landing Craft, which are the actual ships that deliver the Tenno into the combat zone. Rugged and dependable, Landing Craft are capable of travel in a variety of environments, including deep space, planetary atmospheres, and even through the ocean depths.
Overview
A Tenno rides a Landing Craft by magnetically attaching to a covered passenger compartment by its underbelly, which flips them over inside so they are lying on their back when they deploy into the mission's Insertion point by simply dropping down from it.
Landing Craft can also position themselves vertically on extraction points, where the Tenno can ride simply by stepping into the passenger compartment's human-shaped recess, where they are secured before the Landing Craft can depart.
Landing Craft can also carry heavy cargo like Fomorian Power Cores by using a tractor beam to attach objects to its underside.
Types
There are currently seven variants of Landing Craft available to the Tenno. Acquiring one will unlock a single Air Support ability that can assist players in a mission (with a 5 minute cooldown) once called upon by using consumable Air Support Charges equippable in players Gear. These may be crafted in the Foundry.
Landing Craft/Types
Modifications
Players can switch between acquired Landing Craft, customize their appearance and select any of the unlocked air support abilities while inside their Orbiter (default Esc > EQUIPMENT > ORBITER > LANDING CRAFT). Note that any air support ability once unlocked may be activated for any landing craft (and not just the one that unlocked it).
Skins
Each craft has its own set of applicable skins, please see their individual pages above for a full gallery and acquisition information.
Sumdali
Sumdali are decorative emblems placed at the "nose" of the Landing Craft to represent the Tenno's mastery.
Awarded when Mastery Rank 30 is achieved:
Purchasable for 1,000,000 Focus Points after all nodes in a Focus school (excluding Tauron Strike-related nodes) have been unlocked and fully ranked:
Madurai Sumdali
Naramon Sumdali
Unairu Sumdali
Vazarin Sumdali
Zenurik Sumdali
Awarded from defeating their respective Hardmode Bosses:
Awarded for beating Elite Deep Archimedea with 37 (maximum) Research Points:
Awarded from Nightwave:
Bought from the Market:
Exclusively during Movember:
From Prime Access:
Air Support
Air Support abilities can be swapped between different Landing Crafts. These can be activated during missions using the Air Support Charges Gear item.
Air Support Charges#Usage
**Notes:**
Pressing the movement buttons during mission loading screens will cause the Landing Craft to tilt and angle.

## Codex
The Codex is an in-game database containing data on WARFRAME. This includes Warframes, Weapons, Companions, Mods, Arcane Enhancements, Void Relics, Enemies, Quests, Fragments, Leverian, and Missions.
Most sections of the Codex are automatically populated as more content is released and are additionally used to track player's progress in attaining and leveling those items.
In order to obtain information on enemies and objects for the Codex, players need to scan the relevant items using scanners. Codex section for Adversaries will be available after the player creates their first Adversary (like Kuva Liches).
Information for other categories is obtained by owning the item in question (Mods) or by progressing in Mastery Ranks (Art Gallery).
Scanning
Obtain a Scanner:
Codex Scanner can be purchased from the Gear section of the Market.
Synthesis Scanner can be obtained from Cephalon Simaris.
Equip the Scanner(s) under the Gear section of the Arsenal.
While in a mission, select the scanner in your gear section (default Q on PC) or use the appropriate hotkey.
Right-click to zoom, hold left click over an enemy to scan. Alternatively, hold Left-click to both zoom and scan simultaneously.
Each entity can only be scanned once per mission, regardless of method of scanning.
If a scan is performed stealthily, the codex entry will increment by two instead.
Alternate Scanning
Codex Entries
To update Codex entries, see Module:Codex/data
Enemy Entry Details
Each enemy's entry will display:
Enemy name (unlocked at 1st scan)
Diorama of enemy model (unlocked at 1st scan)
Faction they belong to (unlocked at 1st scan)
Base health and armor before Enemy Level Scaling (unlocked at 1st scan)
Their health and armor classes and their vulnerabilities and resistances (unlocked at 100% progress)
Codex scan progress to unlock all details
Star Chart regions where they can spawn in (unlocked at 50% progress)
Description or flavor text (unlocked at 25% progress)
Drop Table if they have one (see Drop Tables#Rarity Classification for explanation of rarity classification)
Common drops (unlocked at 25% progress)
Uncommon drops (unlocked at 50% progress)
Rare drops (unlocked at 100% progress)
Complications
Some Codex entries are from old events, or are unscannable because of bugs.
Missing Entries
Missing entries
Scannable entities that do not have a Codex entry included (incomplete list). Even if something is not (yet) in the Codex the scans will be recorded.
**Notes:**
The Codex is not a communal effort, each player has their own Codex.
Enemy and object scans are saved even if the player fails or aborts the mission.
Resources gained from scanning (Plant extracts and Kavat Genetic Code)
Scanning clones of enemy units, such as those from Nekros' Shadows of the Dead, can contribute towards Codex completion.
For enemies whose codex entry is complete:
Helios and Helios Prime with the precept Detect Vulnerability, can allow the sentinel to randomly generate a weak spot, similar to Banshee's Sonar.
Synoid Heliocor can spawn Specters of enemies killed with a heavy attack.
Dante's equipped weapons (including clones of Noctua, gain 50% Status Chance.
There is a hidden tab for Corrupted enemies. Scan a Corrupted enemy in the Void to reveal it.
Some mods within the game do not appear in the Codex:
Riven Mods
Primed Chamber before acquiring it
Any Primed Mods before acquiring them
Nightwatch units appear only during Tactical Alerts and the Void Raiders mission.
ELEMENTA ARCOCANID EXIMUS and ELEMENTA CULVERIN EXIMUS could being scannerized during rotation C(and further) in Alchemy Omnia Fissure in Albrecht's Laboratories.
GYRE ROLLER SENTRY is summoned by the Gyre Gokstad Officer in Gyre Gokstad Crewship piloting section of the ship, in Saturn Proxima.
There was an entry under "H" between "HEMOCYTE" and "HORRASQUE STORMER", the "HOLLOW THRAX CENTURION", that can only being scanned in the Duviri open world (not Undercroft), using Atlas third ability "PETRIFY" with the augment "ORE GAZE".
Also can be scanned with Dante's weapon Noctua.
Spawn this enemy with the "Activate the Shrine" or "Hidden Chest" objectives, then using Transference (Drifter --> Warframe) to complete the scan.
This is also the case for The Unseeing Herald until the release of Update 41, where it can appear and be scanned in The Descendia.
As of Hotfix 41.0.5, the Codex entry for Hollow Thrax Centurions has been removed and thus can no longer be summoned in the Simulacrum.
There are two entries of Infested Tumor in the "OBJECTS" section of the Codex, one of them can't be scanned anymore because it was in a hidden location in the The Jordas Verdict Trial, which has been removed from the game.
There is an (UNKNOWN ENTRY) under "F" letter, under "Ꝏ ALL" section of the Codex. This is most likely the FORTRESS SCANNER of Kuva Fortress, which is a bugged entry that counts as both an "OBJECTS" and enemy and also appearing in the "FACTIONS" section.
Chrysalis (the larvae which the Vulpaphylas devolve into with their precepts when they die) is scannable (scan at its belly), but its scan progression is NOT saved. You can scan it to 'CODEX ENTRY COMPLETE' in one mission, but the next mission, it appears to be scannable again.

## Simulacrum
Add more information about Steel Path modifier selector as per U33.5
The Simulacrum is an artificial arena created by Cephalon Simaris that allows players to create multiple Mimeographs of enemies that the player had completed their Codex research on. Currently only the Mimeographs of normal enemies except Bosses and most Characters can be created.
The entrance of the Simulacrum is located on the left of the Sanctuary's entrance. Players must acquire a Simulacrum Access Key with 50,000 Standing to gain access to the arena.
Types
The Citadel Simulacrum is the default Simulacrum with a wide open space featuring many tall pillars. The empty pits and lack of barriers make it possible to fall out of bounds.
The Ballroom Simulacrum is a reward from limited-time events and cannot be traded between players. It is a much more enclosed space with several ramps and walkways, and invisible walls make it hard to fall out of bounds. It also features large statues of Baruuk and Gara standing side-by-side.
Operation: Scarlet Spear sold The Ballroom from Little Duck for 5,000 Scarlet Credits.
Operation: Orphix Venom sold The Ballroom from Father for 1,000 Phasic Cells.
The October 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 Nights of Naberus events sold The Ballroom from Daughter for 55 Mother Token.
Operation: Gargoyle's Cry sold The Ballroom from Vigil Jahu Gargoyle for 3 Grotesque Splinter.
Operation: Belly of the Beast sold The Ballroom from Ordis in the Larunda Relay, Mercury, for 15 Volatile Motes.
Operation: Blood of Perita sold The Ballroom from Roathe for 15 Marks of Valiance.
Sanctum Simulacrum features the Albrecht's Laboratories tileset and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Loid sells Sanctum for 75 Vessel Capillaries and can be traded between players.
Ambulas Arena Simulacrum features the Ambulas boss fight arena and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. The Perrin Sequence offerings sells Ambulas Arena at Rank 5 - Partner for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Moonlit Courtyard Simulacrum features The Sacrifice courtyard and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. New Loka offerings sells Moonlit Courtyard at Rank 5 - Flawless for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Red Veil Temple Simulacrum features the Chains of Harrow boss fight arena and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Red Veil offerings sells Red Veil Temple at Rank 5 - Exalted for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Zanuka Arena Simulacrum features the Alad V and Zanuka boss fight arena and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Arbiters of Hexis offerings sells Zanuka Arena at Rank 5 - Maxim for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Orokin Derelict Simulacrum features the Orokin Derelict tileset and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Cephalon Suda offerings sells Orokin Derelict at Rank 5 - Genius for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Grineer Asteroid Simulacrum features the Captain Vor boss fight arena and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Steel Meridian offerings sells Grineer Asteroid at Rank 5 - General for 100,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Orowyrm Arena Simulacrum features the Orowyrm boss fight arena and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Acrithis' Wares sells Orowyrm Arena for 20 Pathos Clamp and can be traded between players.
Höllvanian Courtyard Simulacrum features Höllvania back-alleys and (Currently bugged) Should allow the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Quincy of The Hex sells Höllvania Courtyard at Rank 5 - Pizza Party for 25,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Mall Rotunda Simulacrum features a Techrot-infested mall and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Quincy of The Hex sells Mall Rotunda at Rank 5 - Pizza Party for 25,000 Standing Standing and can be traded between players.
Roathe's Oblivion Arena features the bottom level of the Descendia where Roathe is fought and allows the enemy level to be set 25 levels above the standard maximum. Roathe sells Roathe's Oblivion Arena for 150 Maphica and can be traded between players.
Mechanics
thumb|220x220px|An overview of The Citadel Simulacrum as of Update 18
thumb|220x220px|Behind the Simulacrum where the Arsenal can be accessed
thumb|220x220px|Dying in the Simulacrum, notice that there is no option to revive or abort
Every Simulacrum has a spawn stage where the player can interact with the Spawn Console on top of it to create Mimeographs. There are also Arsenal segment, various Pickups dispensers (usually two of each) including Energy Orb, Health Orb and Ammo which regenerate rapidly when consumed. There is also a Reset Suit console, that clears off all temporary effects and nullifies abilities off a player when used.
The Spawn Console allows players to spawn Mimeographs.
The enemies must be scanned with Codex Scanner or Synthesis Scanner to be able to be spawned in the Simulacrum.
The maximum capacity of the number of Mimeographs that can be generated is set at 20.
Enemy level can be set by the player, up to 5x their Mastery Rank plus 30.
The level limit is increased by 25 in some Simulacrum types.
Although one can only generate 20 Mimeographs at one time, enemies with spawning capabilities such as Brood Mothers or Drahk Masters can create subsequent Mimeographs while engaged.
Various pickups such as Ammo, Health and Energy may drop from killed enemies.
The console also provides the ability to enable or disable Steel Path modifier, Friendly Fire, Invincibility for the players and/or Companion, the ability to Pause AI and the ability to kill all spawned Mimeographs.
Once the Mimeographs are generated upon player request, they will begin engaging the player (unless Pause AI option is on), though some enemies with limited engagement range will remain idle until the player jumps off the stage. Falling off the Simulacrum area will lead to an instant respawn to the last valid location.
Since there is no way to "complete" the session, the player must leave the session by accessing the Main Menu via Esc. Hence, any progress such as Affinity (enemies do not give Affinity here upon defeat) and Standing gain will not remain after the simulation.
If the player dies, they will simply respawn at the normal spawn point and will not be given the choice of using revives or aborting the mission. As of Update 21, the Simulacrum is capable of multiplayer of up to 4 players in one instance.
Gear items will be limited until the player goes back to the arsenal, where they will be refilled to the player's current amount. Specters will always spawn at level 1, regardless of the level of enemies on the field or if there are not.
The Orowyrm Arena is the biggest Simulacrum in the game, being almost 300m in diameter.
All Simulacrums except for the Citadel and the Ballroom can be traded.
The Orowyrm Arena and Roathe's Oblivion Arena Simulacrums currently do not allow players to set enemy level 25 levels above the standard maximum.
If both the Steel Path and Friendly Fire toggles are enabled, certain allied units (such as the Duality specter) may gain the Steel Path health and shield bonuses.
Some enemies, such as Tusk Dargyns, may get stuck in the floor when spawned.
Clem can be summoned but doing so will spawn him as an allied unit while occupying a space. And since he is technically unkilliable, he cannot be disabled with the "Kill Enemy" reset button on the spawn menu, thus spawning Clem prevents the player from summoning further enemies, effectively softlocking them until they restart a new Simulacrum.
On the other hand, hacking a Eidolon Lure automatically removes it from the enemy spawn slot, allowing the player to spawn a maximum of 20 enemies again.

## Parazon
Lotus to the Tenno during the Jackal Assassination Mission
The Parazon is a bladed tool used by Warframes for a variety of functions. It is primarily used for Hacking enemy electronics but is also strong enough to be wielded as an assassination weapon. The weapon is normally hidden when not in use and can be materialized on the in-side of the Warframe's right wrist when needed. It also comes with a tether that allows the Warframe to throw the Parazon out and then retrieve it afterward.
Mechanics
The Parazon appears as a weapon in the Arsenal that is permanently equipped on all Warframes. It possesses three Parazon Mod slots, which can be used to enhance its abilities. As with all Warframe weapons, the Parazon can also be color customized as the player desires.
Hacking
When hacking a console, the Warframe inserts the Parazon into the console to initiate the hack. Hacking bonuses are applied according to the equipped Parazon hacking Mods.
Mercy
thumb|right|300px|An enemy that can be Mercy killed.
thumb|right|Mercy finisher prompt on Ancient Disrupter when health below 40%
thumb|right|Health threshold indicator for Mercy on enemy health bar
Aside from hacking, the Parazon can also be used to perform a lethal Finisher called Mercy, which has more elaborate kill animations compared to normal finishers. Mercy finisher prompts are indicated by a red Parazon symbol above the enemy accompanied by a unique sound cue, and are performed by pressing the Interact button (Default X) in melee range.
Mercy inflicts armor and shield-bypassing damage equal to the target's total hitpoints, instantly killing the target. The user and their Companion are also considered Invulnerable and their Threat Level is temporarily removed during a Mercy.
During normal gameplay, Mercy finisher prompts will only show up on specific heavy units.
These prompts are guaranteed at 40% (60% on Corpus with all their shields removed, 80% on Eximus) of their total health.
Impact procs increases the Mercy threshold range of heavy units by 8% per proc up to a total of 80% (100% on Corpus and Eximus) of their health.
However, heavy units above level 150 decreases the Mercy threshold range by 1% per 5 levels down to a minimum of 10%.
The threshold range is indicated by a yellow bracket on the enemy's health bar.
These heavy units are:
All humanoid Eximus (e.g. Lancer), Rogue Arcocanid Eximus, and Rogue Culverin Eximus
Heavy Gunners and variants
Bombards and variants
Bailiffs and variants
Nox
Scrambus and Combas
Nullifier Crewman and variants
Derivator Crewman
Amalgam Heqet
Amalgam Machinist
Amalgam MOA
Crawlers (Toxic Crawler, Nauseous Crawler, Lobber Crawler, Electric Crawler)
Ancients (Ancient Disruptor, Ancient Healer, Ancient Protector, Toxic Ancient)
Mutalist MOAs (Tar Mutalist MOA and Swarm Mutalist MOA)
Deimos Carnis
The Hollow Vein
The Severed Warden
The Anatomizer
The Unseeing Herald
Lumbering Fragment
Shuffling Fragment
Scaldra Dedicant
Scaldra Eradicator
Techrot Obsolyte
Anarch Libritor
Successful Mercy kills can grant combat bonuses to the player depending on the Parazon mods they have equipped. The window for executing using Mercy expires in 10 seconds; the Parazon symbol blinks with three seconds left.
Normal Stealth kills cannot be performed by the Parazon, regardless if the player has a Melee weapon equipped or not.
It can also be used to instantly kill Crewship Pilots and hijack their ships, regardless of the pilot's health. It is also used to defeat the Jackal by disrupting its auto-repair after fully depleting one of its health bars, preventing that health bar from regenerating.
Like normal weapon kills, Parazon Mercy kills give half of the enemy's Affinity value to the Warframe. As the Parazon itself cannot accumulate Affinity, the remaining half goes to the weapon that was equipped before the Parazon Mercy was initiated.
Secret & Requiem Mercy
Against Kuva Larvling, Candidates, Thralls, and Hounds, a Mercy attempt against them is called a Secret Mercy. Against Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos, the Mercy is called a Requiem Mercy. These units do not die immediately from their health bar being depleted, instead slumping over to allow a Mercy to finish them off.
Defeating a Lich or Sister with a Requiem Mercy requires a Parazon with a sequence of Requiem Mods equipped. These mods are acquired from Requiem Void Fissure missions, and do not provide any combat bonuses inherently but are instead an essential aspect in defeating Liches/Sisters in combat to sever their Continuity. The Parazon has three Requiem mod slots in addition to its normal slots, which are unlocked upon the player acquiring their first Requiem Mod.
Anchors
Throughout the missions in The Perita Rebellion, there are Anchors that players can Parazon to and immediately launch themselves from in order to maneuver throughout the field. Attaching to one grants an Extra Hit of Void damage to the player's weapon equal to of 100% of the weapon's damage for 10 seconds.
Anchors can be found on Anarch Bolkors and Anarch Firbolgs, with Bolkors having one at the tail and the other above the door. These can be used to instantly defeat the dropships, but anchoring at the Bolkor's tail instead alerts enemies inside the dropship, and prevents the dropship from being destroyed by further anchoring.
Marrowticks spawned by the Hunhullus can become Anchors when defeated, unless they turn red, which they will start ramming at the player and prevent themselves from converted into Anchors.
**Notes:**
Mercy kills are considered as conventional Finishers in-game and thus are eligible for some challenges such as Nightwave acts.
Because of this, Mercy kills are also capable of activating Finisher-criteria Arcanes (e.g.Arcane Trickery, Arcane Ultimatum).
Mercy kills against Kuva Lich Thralls however do not count as Finishers for the purposes of said challenges.
Marked For Death can trigger from Mercy kills.
Operators cannot use the Parazon, and thus will not benefit from Parazon Mods, particularly those that affect Hacking. They will also be unable to perform Mercy finishers.
**Trivia:**
The Parazon is used to activate the Railjack's Resource Forge.
In Devstream 132, the Parazon was mentioned to be used for reviving teammates and capturing targets.
In Update 28.3, Warframes would spin their Parazons while reviving. However, it was removed in Update 28.3.3 due to a glitch.
The Parazon's use in capturing has yet to be implemented.
The Parazon is named after the real world Parazonium, a ceremonial dagger from the Roman empire.
The Parazon's default appearance and the wrist motions performed by Warframes when hacking appear to be a reference to the titular character from the 1987 film RoboCop, who in a similar fashion is shown hacking and controlling electronics by inserting a hidden blade under his wrist into them and moving his wrist.
Parazon Skins

## Clan
Clans are groups of players associating themselves under a single name, similar to a team, but potentially on a much larger scale. A Fan Site Kit is available for download to help clans make their websites look legitimate. The Kit provides various WARFRAME-related renders, banners, images, and more.
Features
Dojo
The Dojo is only available to clans and provides a "home base" that can be utilized by any clan member. The Dojo also houses facilities necessary for Research and Trading.
Research
Research can be started and funded by clan members within the Dojo. This unlocks unique blueprints that cannot be acquired through other means, with the exception of purchasing items through the Market using Platinum.
Trading
Clans can construct Trading Posts within their Dojo to allow clan members to take advantage of the Trade System. This can also be done by holding Q to setup a shop in the Dojo.
Dry Dock
Members of a clan are able to access their clan's Dry Dock, being able to upgrade their Railjack, craft Railjack components and armaments, upgrade Avionics, and host their own Empyrean mission sessions.
Joining / Creation
Joining a clan is done by being invited to a clan and accepting the invite.
Clans can be created in the game as soon as the player has completed Vor's Prize at any Mastery Rank by selecting the communication tab, then selecting "Clan", and within that, "Start your own clan". The clan will be created after typing in an appropriate name.
If the user is the Founding Warlord of the clan, while in the "Communication" -> "Clan" menu, clicking on the username and select the option to leave will delete the clan.
Advertising
Clans can put up an advertisement for 12 hours at a time at varying costs with the item itself being random each week. Ghost and Shadow clans use Fieldron Sample, Detonite Ampule, or Mutagen Sample at 10 and 20 per ad, respectively. Storm, Mountain, and Moon clans use Fieldron, Detonite Injector, and Mutagen Mass at a cost of 3, 7, and 12 per ad, again respectively.
Players who are not in a clan can find clan advertisements in "Communication" -> "Clan" -> "Search for a clan". Clicking on a clan provides the option to send an application.
Applicants can be found in the "Pending Members" tab of the clan view, where they can be either accepted or rejected. Applications expire after some time (TODO: How long until they expire?).
When your application is rejected, Ordis sends you an inbox message[citation needed].
Technical Detail: Advertisements can be found at
Clan Weekly Initiatives
Clan Weekly Initiatives
Clan Tier
Clans are organized into several tiers, each of which grants a Clan a certain maximum amount of members and regulates inter-clan competition. At the same time, each tier has a direct impact on the cost of all items or research funded by the clan. This is done in an effort to keep gameplay fair according to the size of a clan.
Clan Tier is upgraded by constructing the Barracks associated with the desired clan tier. Clan Tier upgrades must be done in order, ascending from one tier to the next until the final tier is reached.
As of Update 18, clans can be downsized, which can be helpful if the player count of your clan is unable to easily contribute to Clan Research. Clans cannot be downsized while an in-game event is in progress. When a clan is downsized, there is a 60 day moratorium on clan ascension to a higher tier.
The table below outlines each tier, the member capacity of each tier, and the Barracks required for each tier.
Clan Tier Multiplier
As mentioned in the Clan Tier section, each tier incurs additional costs for research, rooms, and decorations. This is done in order to balance gameplay, ensuring that clans with many active members don't rapidly outpace clans belonging to lower tiers. Overall, this results in balanced gameplay and ensures fair costs for each tier.
To aid in understanding and describing construction and research costs, the multiplier that determines the total cost for activities in a clan is referred to as the Clan Tier Multiplier, or just the Tier Multiplier. The cost values for each tier are calculated by taking the base cost for a Ghost clan and multiplying it by the given tier's Tier Multiplier, with the result representing the final cost for the given tier.
The list below displays examples of the scaling costs of each tier as a result of the Tier Multiplier mechanic. See #Clan Tier for the actual multiplier values for each clan tier.
Ghost Tier - All research and funding costs are at the base level, as this tier has no multiplier.
Shadow Tier - Required to pay 30,000 credits to fund a project with a base cost of 10,000 (3x multiplier).
Storm Tier - Required to pay Ferrite 6,000 to fund a project with a base cost of Ferrite 600 (10x multiplier).
Mountain Tier - Required to pay Salvage 19,500 to fund a project with a base cost of Salvage 650 (30x multiplier).
Moon Tier - Required to pay Circuits 50,000 to fund a project with a base cost of Circuits 500 (100x multiplier).
Interestingly, it would appear that the in-game costs displayed to players are not the result of a live or real-time calculation that utilizes the Tier Multiplier.
This can be observed when reviewing the cost of Forma to fund Dojo rooms.
In several instances, the first three clan tiers may require a single Forma each, with the last two jumping to much higher levels, such as Mountain requiring eight Forma and Moon requiring fifteen.
Outside of Forma, however, the Tier Multiplier is observed to directly dictate all clan costs.
Alliances
right
Multiple clans with mutual interests can unite and form an alliance. An alliance can house a maximum of 4000 members, regardless of the number of clans. Clans in an alliance can share a Vault.
Hierarchy and Roles
thumb|400px|Ranks and Roles
There are 8 positions available in a clan's hierarchy. These positions are not strictly seniority or levels of authority, but rather a set of "privileges" for a player within the clan. Players are assigned a position by anyone with the Promote role (up to their own position by default) or Regulator Role (top 2 by default) by clicking on the member in the clan view of the contacts window in-game. The clan Warlord is able to change the position names as of Update 9.
Clan creators will always start with the Founding Warlord position and will have all available roles assigned to them by default.
Role Descriptions
The table below provides descriptions of the capabilities each role provides clan members when assigned.
Default Role Assignments
New clans are created with the default set of role assignments. Both assignments and role names may be changed by clan members with the appropriate roles.
Clan Emblem
The Clan Emblem is a purchasable accessory that displays a holographic image of your clan's logo on your Warframe's shoulder. You can also add the Clan Emblem to the side of a Sentinel or Companion.
Clan Listing
There are millions of clans in Warframe. Some of them are listed on this wiki at Clan List.
Clan Ranks
As of Update 20, Clans have Ranks.
Clan Affinity will be awarded depending on the amount of effort expended towards bettering one's Clan. This Clan Affinity will contribute to the Clan's Rank and is awarded as follows:
The first time you construct an Oracle Room, Bio Lab, Chem Lab, Energy Lab, Tenno Lab, Orokin Lab, Duelling Room, and Obstacle Course.
The first time you construct a Trading Post, Treasury, and Temple of Honor.
Upon completion of Clan Research.
The amount of Clan Affinity earned by building Rooms or Decorations is listed in their respective selection screens. Research entries have been given the same treatment within the Lab UI.
Total Clan Affinity
**Notes:**
Solar Rail Construction was only possible prior to Update 16.
Superchargers count includes Gravimag.
Affinity Requirements
Ascension Ceremony
To increase in Rank, Clans will need to start the Ascension Ceremony at an Ascension Altar decoration. The number of clan members required to start the Ascension Ceremony increases with Clan Tier, but at a different rate than the standard scaling value; e.g. Ghost clans require only 1 member while Shadow clans require 5 members.
Once begun, the Ascension Ceremony runs for 72 hours.
During this time, clan members that have been in the clan for at least a number of days equal to the rank being obtained (i.e.
1 day for rank 1, 7 days for rank 7) may interact with the Ascension Altar decoration in order to gain Endo relative to the change in Clan Rank (each Rank gained grants 1000 endo x new Rank).
The clan members who start the ceremony gain this reward at the time they interact with the altar, even if there are not currently enough participating members to start the timer.
If a clan goes up by two or more ranks during this event, players that claim the Endo reward will be given the amount for the rank being acquired, along with the Endo that would be awarded from previous ranks.
For example, if a clan goes from rank 0 to rank 10 in a single ceremony, players can claim 55,000 Endo total, as that is the total of all previous rank rewards being added to the rank 10 reward.
Once the Ascension Ceremony ends the Ascension Altar will no longer be interactive and no Endo may be gained by clan members until the next Ascension Ceremony.
As each Ascension Ceremony takes the Clan Rank to the maximum available to the clan rather than stepping through one Rank per Ascension Ceremony, it is recommended that those Clans reaching higher Ranks (current maximum of 11) in one Ascension Ceremony should ensure all members are aware of the time limit on collecting the reward before starting the Ascension Ceremony.

# Wiki — Endgame Activities
Endgame mission modes and boss fights from the Warframe wiki: Steel Path, Arbitrations, Eidolons, Profit-Taker, Kuva Liches, and more.

## The Steel Path
Teshin has a new challenge only the most worthy Tenno can accept. Greater difficulty and greater rewards await. Can you reclaim the Origin System and walk the Steel Path?
The Steel Path (also known as the abbreviation SP) is a difficulty modifier for the Star Chart hosted by Teshin, testing the Tenno's perseverance against significantly more durable enemies for greater rewards. It was introduced in Update 28.1.
Enemy Level +100
Enemy Health 250%
Enemy Shield 250%
21px +100% Resource Drop Chance
21px +100% Mod Drop Chance
Mechanics
Overview
In order to access The Steel Path, players must have completed all nodes accessible prior to The New War on the connected Star Chart (excluding Mutalist Alad V and Jordas Golem Assassinates on Eris, and Brutus on Uranus. This also means players do not need to have unlocked or completed any missions in the Zariman Ten Zero, Albrecht's Laboratories and Höllvania tile sets).
Note that this also entails completing quest-locked nodes, including the Tyana Pass node on Mars, Follie's Hunt on Venus, Ropalolyst node on Jupiter, Saya's Visions on Earth, and all nodes on Lua and Kuva Fortress, which require completing all main quests up to Chimera Prologue. The player must also be Mastery Rank 5 to access Vay Hek's node on Oro, Earth. Speaking to Teshin on any Relay will prompt "Steel Path?" which displays the incompleted nodes, quests, and mastery rank.
Once the player meets these requirements, Teshin will invite the player to challenge The Steel Path; they must meet him on any Relay and ask him about "Steel Path?" to unlock the mode. Once players have The Steel Path unlocked, it will be displayed as a toggle on the right side of the Star Chart screen.
To unlock The Steel Path also in Duviri, the player must have additionally completed The Duviri Paradox quest and all three Duviri nodes (The Duviri Experience, The Lone Story and The Circuit) in normal mode. If the player toggles on The Steel Path and attempts to start a Duviri mission without having completed these nodes, they will be stopped and notified which nodes must first be cleared.
The Steel Path only affects normal missions, Dark Sectors, Junctions, Mission Locators, and Duviri. It does not apply to Nightmare Mode, Syndicates, or Invasions. The Steel Path also adds a 6th tier Landscape Bounty. The Empyrean Star Chart is also not included.
Incursions
Incursions will only appear in the Alerts panel when the player has toggled their Star Chart mode to "Steel Path".
Each day at 00:00 UTC, 6 Steel Path Incursions Alert missions will be made available to the player on the Star Chart.
A player can attempt them regardless of whether they have unlocked the node where the Incursion is located, and completing the Incursion will unlock that node.
Incursions can appear on any node except Landscapes and Junctions, and they always appear globally on the same nodes for each player to aid with matchmaking.
Each Incursion always awards 5 Steel Essence (unaffected by any boosters) and some may also have an additional Credits reward.
Some mission types in Incursion have additional conditions to make them even more challenging than regular Steel Path missions:
Spy Incursions require 2 Data Vaults (instead of normal 1 vault).
Interception Incursions requires 2 waves (instead of normal 1 wave).
Excavation Incursions requires 200 Cryotic (instead of 100 Cryotic).
Steel Path Incursions will refresh in:
Rules
Players must re-unlock Star Chart nodes on The Steel Path starting from E Prime, Earth, as if starting the Origin System from a fresh state.
Dakata, Kuva Fortress, the individual Jordas Golem and Mutalist Alad V Assassinate Eris nodes, and Bounties are also immediately available from the start.
Plains of Eidolon, Orb Vallis, and Cambion Drift gain a 6th tier Bounty, while Zariman Ten Zero, Albrecht's Laboratories, and Höllvania gain a Steel Path variant for all available bounties.
Completion of the Plains of Eidolon, Orb Vallis, and Cambion Drift Bounties are not required in order to mark the node as completed. Entering the Landscape with the 6th tier Bounty selected and immediately exiting to the hub town will also unlock their adjacent nodes.
Steel Path Eidolons can only be fought at nighttime, either in the 6th tier Plains of Eidolon Bounty, or by having selected the Steel Path mode from the Navigation Screen before entering the Plains of Eidolon.
Junctions on The Steel Path do not have any associated tasks and can be entered as soon as the adjacent node is cleared. (Unless the player has an early account and has cleared the Star Chart before junctions were implemented, in which case the player will have to go back to the normal mode junction and clear its prerequisites to challenge it in Steel Path mode.)
All enemies have their level increased by 100, and gain an additional +150% (to a total of 250%, or 2.5x) bonus to health and shields.
Bounties have a starting level of 100 with the aforementioned modifiers. Players must be Mastery Rank 10 to access these bounties.
Enemies in Archwing have their level increased by 50.
Enemies in Grineer Sealab underwater Archwing still have their levels increased by 100.
The Eidolon Teralyst's level is increased to 110, the Eidolon Gantulyst to 120 and Eidolon Hydrolyst to 130.
Enemies in Duviri have their level increased by 20, but with no changes to Health or Shields. The Orowyrm boss fight gains additional mechanics.
Enemies in The Undercroft and The Circuit use the default Steel Path modifiers.
Team Bonus Consumables have a one-minute cooldown.
Enemy spawn rates during Endless missions are increased as if playing in a full squad in normal mode.
Acolytes can spawn in any non-Archwing, non-Assassination, non-Ascension, and non-Duviri Steel Path missions.
Multiple Acolytes can spawn each mission in roughly 3-7 minute intervals depending on the kill rate of enemies, with an average of 4 1/2 minutes in Survival. This includes non-endless mission types such as Exterminate, and Landscapes regardless of whether a bounty is currently active.
In non-endless missions, a max of 3 Acolytes will spawn.
Due to being tied to kill rate, Acolytes can stop spawning if every enemy in a non-endless mission is killed.
In Survival, an Acolyte can still be spawned after the player runs out of Life Support, as long as there remain enemies to be killed in order to summon the Acolyte.
Acolytes will not spawn from kills made by Specters or On Call Crew.
Acolytes will still spawn in submersible missions on Uranus.
Rewards
Mission
Mission nodes and Junctions award Mastery Points that is separate from normal Star Chart missions. Like normal missions, points are only awarded once after the first completion.
Jordas Golem and Mutalist Alad V Assassinate nodes are not required to reach maximum Mastery (27,569) from Steel Path missions.
All missions in The Steel Path have a +100% resource drop chance increase and +100% mod drop chance increase over the same mission node in normal (non-Steel Path) mode.
The bonuses stack with True Master's Font blessings, Resource Drop Chance Booster and Mod Drop Chance Booster, and Dark Sector bonuses.
6 Incursion missions in the Star Chart are randomly picked as a daily Alert mission, each rewarding 5 Steel Essence (unaffected by any boosters) and some may also have an additional Credits reward.
Missions are fully randomized each day, independent of previous days, instead of cycling through a randomly ordered list.
This causes some missions to occur much more frequently than others, or even on multiple consecutive days.
Bounty variants of the Zariman Ten Zero award 50% more Voidplumes, while variants of Albrecht's Laboratories and Höllvania Central Mall award 50% more Standing Standing. They also award 1 Steel Essence.
Eidolon Teralyst, Eidolon Gantulyst, and Eidolon Hydrolyst are guaranteed to drop 1 Steel Essence.
Acolytes are guaranteed to drop 2 Steel Essence (affected by Resource Boosters and Beast Companion's Loyal Retriever/Resourceful Retriever), as well as one random Steel Path Arcane (Primary Deadhead, Primary Dexterity, Primary Merciless, Secondary Deadhead, Secondary Dexterity, or Secondary Merciless).
All Eximus enemies have an increased chance to drop Riven Slivers.
Fully clearing a planet's mission nodes awards a respective Decoration and Emote, as well as 25 Steel Essences.
Deimos additionally rewards a decoration and emote for the retired Orokin Derelict.
Players who have already completed the Orokin Derelict before its removal on Update 29 will receive a second statue.
The Index is not required for Neptune completion.
Jordas Golem and Mutalist Alad V Assassinate nodes are not required for Eris completion.
Opening a Void Relic in Steel Path Void Fissures awards 1 Steel Essence.
Certain missions have increased shop resource rewards:
Completion of Duviri's The Duviri Experience, The Lone Story, and Isleweaver awards 5 Steel Essence, 15 Pathos Clamp (up from 10), and 22 Drifter Intrinsics (up from 15).
Kullervo Boss in Duviri drops 6-8 Kullervo's Bane (up from 4-6).
Isleweaver awards 20-24 Scuttler Husk (up from 16-20) and 25 potential Temporal Dust (up from 20).
Mirror Defense Tyana Pass, Mars awards 7 Belric Crystal Fragment and Rania Crystal Fragment (up from 5) per 50 Citrine's Remnants, and 15 Crystal Fragments (up from 10) per rotation.
Conjunction Survival Yuvarium, Lua awards 5 Lua Thrax Plasm (up from 3) per rotation, while Circulus, Lua awards 6 Lua Thrax Plasm (up from 5) per rotation.
Abyssal Zone, Ceres awards 8, 11, or 12 Vainthorn (up from 6-8).
Demolisher Voidrigs and Demolisher Bonewidows in Disruption Armatus, Deimos drops 5-7 Vessel Capillaries (up from 2-4).
Ascension Brutus, Uranus awards 16-18 Vestigial Motes (up from 11-13). The summoned Sisters of Parvos drops 8-10 Vestigial Motes (up from 5-7), 2 Steel Essence, and a 100% Arcane drop chance (up from 33%).
Shrine Defense awards 20-24 Fate Pearl (up from 14-18).
Additionally, access to the Steel Path is required to purchase Higasa Serration and Amanata Pressure from Koumei's Shrine.
Stage Defense awards 8-12 Beating Heartstrings (up from 4-9).
Deepmines Bounties award 15-19 Fergolyte (up from 11-15), 1 additional Mushroom Harvest spot, and 1 Steel Essence.
The Perita Rebellion:
Hunhullus, Dactolyst, and the Vanguard drops 3 Steel Essence.
Commandeered Ash Prime, Commandeered Caliban Prime, Commandeered Ember Prime, Commandeered Mesa Prime, Commandeered Protea Prime, and Commandeered Volt Prime, outside of the Vanguard boss fight, have a chance to drop 2 Lyroic Bridge, Ren Hypercore, or Ascaris Prime, and are guaranteed to drop 1 Tekolyst Arcane and 1 Steel Essence.
Super Bosses can be challenged which awards a Sumdali. Additionally defeating them alone with a boss-specific Warframe awards their respective Accolade Glyph.
Steel Essence
Steel Essence is used to buy items in The Steel Path Honors shop from Teshin in any Relay.
Some evergreen offerings have weekly purchase limits: the Veiled Riven Cipher can only be purchased once per week, while Kuva and the Void Relic Pack have a purchase limit of 25 per week.
Teshin's Steel Path Honors shop - Evergreen Items
Teshin's Steel Path Honors shop - Weekly Rotating Offer
Only one reward is available per week and it can only be bought once that week. Every week, the 8 offerings will rotate from left to right, which takes 8 weeks for a full loop.
Note: Click here and purge the page's cache if the above weekly item is wrong. You have to do this every week when the weekly reward changes, which is every Sunday midnight UTC time or when the countdown timer above reaches zero.
The Circuit
The Circuit has its own set of Steel Path rewards, most notably Incarnon Genesis adapters. Two out of five adapters are selectable per week and are awarded of The Circuit's 5th and 10th award tiers, one time per week.
**Tips:**
Due to drastically increased enemy shields, it is advisable to bring abilities that can remove enemy defenses such as Nyx's Psychic Bolts, Xaku's The Lost, Caliban's Fusion Strike, Styanax's Tharros Strike (Helminth subsumable), Hildryn's Pillage (Helminth subsumable), or Unairu's Magnetic Flare and Caustic Strike. Alternatively, bring weapons or abilities which can bypass enemy defenses.
Khora's Ensnare ability can completely immobilize acolytes, trivializing the fight against them. This ability is subsumable.
Archon shards can alleviate the weaknesses of warframes that would be otherwise too fragile to take on Steel Path.
Most enemies in Steel Path are still powerless against stealth abilities. Though, collateral damages from enemies can still endanger an invisible warframe.
Weapons that can frequently apply impact procs will allow you to execute mercy kills quicker on heavy targets.
It is highly recommended to focus on primary objectives first and save as many downed allies as possible before an acolyte arrives. This enables an easier extraction, if one is inadequately geared to take on acolytes.
**Trivia:**
The Steel Path was originally known as "Hard Mode" when first pitched by the Development Team.
Originally, two different tiers of hard mode were planned: one was meant to be a +60 enemy level Star Chart, and the other, called "Ultra Hard Mode", a +100 level. The first tier was removed in order to not dilute the matchmaking.
Circulus, Lua's level 180-200 is the highest starting level of enemies in the Steel Path.
Missions can still sometimes change objectives mid-mission, such as Capture changing to Exterminate (after capturing the target), but Teshin has no voice lines to reflect this, so he will simply repeat his original voice line.

## Arbitrations
Arbitrations are a special Alert variant hosted by the Arbiters of Hexis, featuring "elite" versions of endless missions with additional modifiers for greater difficulty. They were introduced in Update 23.10.
Mechanics
Arbitrations are unlocked from gaining access to Pluto and completing the Eris Junction task "Equip a Focus Lens".
Once players have Arbitrations unlocked, it will be displayed on the Operation window. There is only one Arbitration alert up at any given point on the Star Chart, changing nodes on an hourly basis. Arbitrations will only select nodes with endless missions (Alchemy, Defection, Defense, Disruption, Excavation, Infested Salvage, Interception, Mirror Defense, Survival/Conjunction Survival, Void Cascade, Void Flood, or Void Armageddon) and the enemy level range will start at 60-80.
Rules
A Rank 30 Warframe or a Mastery Rank 30 player whose Warframe has been polarized at least once is required to play Arbitrations, similar to Sortie Missions.
Once a player loses all their Health, they do not enter the Bleedout phase; they die instantly. Furthermore, they are not allowed to revive themselves.
Sacrifice, Inaros' Undying Passive, Sevagoth's Tombstone Passive, Nokko's Vital Decay Passive, and Unairu's Last Gasp do not function in Arbitrations.
However Nidus' Adaptive Mutation Passive, Wukong's Five Levels of Immortality Passive, Inaros' Negation Armor, Loki's Savior Decoy, Oberon's Phoenix Renewal, Khora's Venari Bodyguard, Protea's Temporal Anchor, Dagath's Grave Spirit, Trinity's Well of Life, Arcane Escapist, and Emergence Savior still function normally.
In general, only effects that do not enter the bleedout phase at all will work.
Companion's incapacitation and self-revive will function normally in Arbitrations.
When a player dies, a Revive Tower will appear at their place of death with a waypoint, and Arbitration Shield Drones (see below) will begin to drop Resurgence Tokens on death.
Resurgence Tokens function identically to Index Points: Picking them up will give the stacking Resurgence Burden debuff, which lowers Warframe maximum health and shields and constantly drains energy.
5 Resurgence Tokens are needed to revive a dead player, but they do not need to be carried by the same Warframe. Warframes carrying a cumulative total of 5 points must bring them to the Revive Tower at the same time.
If a Warframe carrying Resurgence Tokens dies, all the tokens they are carrying will be lost.
Resurgence Tokens are unaffected by Vacuum and Fetch.
Once all players are revived or the dead players leave the mission, excess Resurgence Tokens will disappear, removing the debuff.
The missions sport modifiers unique to each:
Excavation: Excavation time is increased from 100 seconds to 180 seconds, and takes two excavations to count for one round of rewards.
Survival: Life Support Capsules are worth 75% of usual.
Interception: Enemy towers fill twice as fast.
Defense: The defense objective is a Hexis Operative NPC armed with Telos Akbolto. Unlike Sortie Defense, the Operative follows a chosen player instead of roaming by themselves, and can't be given a weapon by a Tenno. Downtime between waves is reduced to 2 seconds. Like players, the Operative will not enter bleedout, and their death will be an instant mission failure.
There is an exception for Excavation Site defense type in Grineer Sealab tileset, the Operative will be grounded within the area around one of the four cryopods, switching to another in each wave, and will only follow a chosen Tenno within that area.
The Operative does not posess a Shield Gate, so it will not benefit from shield gating bonuses, relying instead on shield recharge (delay and speed) bonuses.
Defection: Rescue targets cannot be revived.
Infested Salvage: Consoles have 15 times their normal health, but can not regenerate it by being exposed to a Vaporizer Bubble.
Disruption: Demolyst and Demolisher beeping range is halved and are marked when within 15 meters of a Tenno (from 30 meters).
While quitting the mission will not yield any rewards, failing the mission keeps any rewards earned at the end of a rotation, but not any resources or credits enemies may drop.
Arbitration Shield Drones
Arbitration Shield Drones will spawn among the enemy ranks. They function similarly to Shield Ospreys, but with multiple differences.
Their tether provides complete immunity to Warframe abilities and damage immunity to nearby enemies. The drones themselves are also immune to Warframe abilities.
The ability immunity extends to Limbo's Rift Plane, in that they are unable to enter it and therefore cannot be killed by someone inside the Rift even while inside a Cataclysm. Players outside of the rift plane or Operators still can. Enemies protected by the drones will not damage players inside the rift. Players can still fight with their Operator, as it cannot enter the rift.
This immunity extends to Exalted Weapons.
They completely lack any weakspots, thus their shield gating cannot be bypassed and therefore cannot be killed in a single hit.
Upon death, the drones explode, dealing 3,000 Blast damage to all enemy units in a radial effect, including other Arbitration Drones.
Up to a maximum of 5 Arbitration Shield Drones can appear in the field at any given time.
Arbitration Shield Drones can not receive Overguard from Ancient Protectors.
Bonuses
To encourage gameplay diversity, players are given a +300% Ability Strength bonus, +500 Health bonus, and a +300% Damage bonus to a random Warframe and three Weapons for each alert. The affected Warframe and weapon change from one player to another: for example, one player could be given bonuses for playing with Excalibur and/or a Skana while another player can be given bonuses for playing with Mag and/or a Braton.
The bonus can also be applied for Warframes and Weapons the player does not own.
Bonuses will also apply to any variants the Warframe or weapon may have (Prime, Syndicate, etc.).
Rewards
Mission
Arbitration Alerts reward one unit of Vitus Essence for every rotation completed. Players can use their collected Vitus Essence to purchase unique items and mods from the Arbitration representative in the Relays' Hexis Enclave. Players will also get a 50,000 Credit Reward on mission completion.
Arbitration Drones also have a 6% chance to drop Vitus Essence. Dropped essence will despawn after 5 minutes.
Rewards are on an AABBCCCC... rotation, as opposed to the AABC rotation used in normal missions. After the first four rotations (AABB), the Arbitration will continue on the C rotation endlessly.
For Excavation missions, rewards are given out every two completed digs instead of every one dig.
For Disruption missions, rewards tier is determined by the standard Disruption reward system with no alterations, dependent upon round and conduits defended.
Arbitrations/Rewards
Arbitration Honors
Arbiters of Hexis#Arbitration Honors
**Notes:**
Once the mission is entered and the first rotation is reached, the mission will be counted as completed and will not be available anymore upon returning to the Orbiter, regardless of failing, aborting, or leaving on rotation.
The most commonly available modes are Defense, Excavation, Disruption, Interception, and Survival.
Alchemy, Void Cascade, Void Flood, and Void Armageddon are available much less frequently than other mission types.
**Tips:**
The most common way to suddenly die is by an enemy grenade. They make a beeping noise and are shown by a red marker. Be wary of them, as they can blast through even the tankiest Warframes.
At the beginning of the mission, ask how many waves your squad wants to finish. The last thing you want is to press your luck when most of your squad has left.
During Defense missions, it is recommended to have at least one healer (Trinity, Oberon, Wisp, Khora or one player using Protective Sling) to keep the target's health up. As the NPC will follow players, they can be better protected by huddling up in a narrow dead-end room/corridor, preferably with a single entrance.
Adaptation, Quick Thinking (not applicable to Hildryn and Lavos), and Rolling Guard are useful non-Warframe-specific mods for improving the chance of survival.
Despite the presence of Warframe-specific bonuses, they will rarely make for more viable choices than survivability-focused Warframes. Survival is key to success, so it is helpful to use a Warframe with high survivability capabilities such as Rhino, Nezha, Inaros, Chroma, Revenant or Yareli.
The bonus can open up alternative builds however, as it will provide high Ability Strength that would otherwise require several mod slots, capacity, and penalties from Corrupted mods.
A Trinity for instance can focus entirely on Duration, Range, and her own survivability, while the bonus caps out her Blessing's scaling.
Arbitration Drones should ideally be taken out as quickly as possible. Weapons with punch through, large projectile hitboxes such as Arca Plasmor or Catchmoon, area of effect weapons and explosive Glaives, or high damage single-target weapons like sniper rifles are all effective at this task.
Glaives modded with Volatile Quick Return can hit twice with the initial hit and detonation, bypassing the Arbitration Drone's shield gate.
Support Specters are highly useful for keeping the party and defense targets alive.
Trinity and Wisp Warframe specters can provide rapid healing. The former also offers great energy regeneration.
Ancient Healer specters and Shield Osprey specters provide damage reduction and shield regeneration respectively.
It isn't advised to use specters that do not prioritize following the player (Ancient Healer specter, Charger specter, etc.) in endless missions where mobility is key (Survival, Defection and Excavation).
Other specters that have no special abilities or traits, such as the Charger or Roller specter are not recommended as their durability is very low and they tend to not follow the player. However they can serve as a distraction, drawing aggro away from Tenno.
Vulpaphylas are indispensable in Arbitrations should they have Martyr Symbiosis and their respective Devolution precepts equipped as they can save their masters from certain death several times, provided they are not killed while the Vulpaphyla is reviving itself.
A Wisp with a Glaive can be useful as the team's designated reviver for fallen allies, as she can safely kill enemies with her Glaive while remaining invisible either through her Passive or Wil-O-Wisp, collecting the tokens necessary to do so.
Octavia can fulfil the same role with the Nocturne buff from Metronome, though it is vulnerable to being dispelled and Octavia will have to regularly refresh the buff while tracking down tokens.
**Trivia:**
Arbitrations were originally known as "Elite Alerts" when they were pitched by the Development Team.
25.7.6

## Sanctuary Onslaught
Cephalon Simaris

Sanctuary Onslaught is an endless game mode introduced in Update 22.18.
The objective is similar to Survival missions, where players must last as long as possible by continuously killing hordes of increasingly difficult enemies, as quickly as possible.
Players are limited to one large room from a random tileset in every zone. In order to advance through the zones, players must maintain efficiency by constantly killing enemies, then entering a conduit at the end of the zone's time limit in order to progress to the next. The opposing faction of enemies encountered in each zone is also randomized on a per-zone basis.
Players must complete The New Strange to access this game mode. To begin, players must talk to Cephalon Simaris at his Sanctuary in any Relay or select "Sanctuary Onslaught" in the Syndicate World State Window tab.
Mechanics
Upon starting the mission, players will have to enter a conduit and maintain efficiency meter against increasingly difficult enemies. Each enemy killed in the process will contribute to the overall efficiency, with Eximus enemies contributing more.
Every zone lasts for 2 minutes and 30 seconds. When a zone is complete, Simaris will open a Data-Conduit to a new and harder zone within his Sanctuary. The conduit closes after 30 seconds. Players who have not entered the conduit before then will be extracted with their rewards.
Terminology
Zones: Equivalent to a 'Wave', 'Round', etc.
Every two that are completed will provide a reward.
Conduits: Portals connecting one Zone to the next.
Efficiency: The means to maintain a Conduit. Once efficiency reaches zero, players will immediately be extracted with their accumulated rewards from previously-completed Zones. The deeper the player progresses into the Sanctuary the faster their efficiency drops and less efficiency is gained from enemy kills, capping at Zone 16.
Efficiency Stimulus: Pick-ups which increase the player's efficiency by 10%. The number of Efficiency Stimuli that appears starts at 4, which gradually decreases the deeper the player progresses into the Sanctuary, up until after Zone 15 after which they will stop appearing.
Rules
Simaris has his own rules within his sanctuary, as he seeks to produce an accurate experiment. These are the following rules:
The Gear wheel and Specters are disabled. Emotes can still be used.
However, Helios can still take scans if the Investigator mod and Codex Scanner charges are equipped.
Specimens do not drop Mods or Resources in the Sanctuary but will still drop Health Orbs, Energy Orbs and ammo pickups.
Storage Containers do not appear in the Sanctuary.
However, locked lockers may appear depending on the tileset, and can be opened using Master Thief or Scavenge to acquire orbs and ammo pickups. Lockers do not drop resources or mods, but, unlike specimens, they may yield Affinity Orbs and sometimes an invisible Ayatan Star.
MOA Cabinet Spawners can appear in their appropriate tilesets, producing fragile allied Shockwave MOAs if hacked.
Despite gear restriction, Ciphers are still available if equipped before starting, visible only while hacking a cabinet.
Each conduit entered/zone advanced removes current buffs, active Warframe abilities, combo multipliers, and resets Energy to the respective initial level, as well as restoring ammunition back to 100%.
Additional base energy contributed by a Warframe's spare mod capacity will not be accounted for.
Preparation works however.
Nidus will lose 4 Mutation Stacks upon entering the Data-Conduit.
Atlas will lose approximately 300 Rubble upon entering the Data-Conduit.
Saryn's Spores damage growth decreases by 30% upon entering the Data-Conduit.
However, Gauss' battery will not drain upon entering the Data-Conduit; the same goes for Baruuk's restraint meter.
Instead of dropping normally, Convergence Orbs are granted automatically at the beginning of each zone after the first. The Convergence Orb Boost scales in multiplier up to 16x.
There is a 20% chance for a random environmental hazard to appear in a zone.
Enemy level starts at 20-30 and gradually increases to 80-100 beyond Zone 15, 110-130 beyond Zone 20, and 130-150 beyond Zone 25.
Weekly leaderboards are available based on overall score for both Sanctuary Onslaught and Elite Sanctuary Onslaught.
Elite Sanctuary Onslaught

Elite Sanctuary Onslaught is a higher difficulty mode of Sanctuary Onslaught. In addition to featuring stronger specimens, tilesets and enemies are predetermined every week, and usage of Warframe abilities must be staggered or they will become temporarily disabled.
An equipped Rank 30 Warframe is required to play Elite Sanctuary Onslaught.
A Mastery Rank 30 or above player whose Warframe has been polarized at least once can bypass this requirement.
Enemy level starts at 60-70 and gradually increases to 150-180 beyond Zone 15, 200-220 beyond Zone 20, and 250-280 beyond Zone 25. Increased efficiency drain caps at Zone 15.
Abilities become disabled if used in quick succession:
First abilities are disabled for 8 seconds if used six times within 2 seconds.
Second abilities are disabled for 8 seconds if used four times within 6 seconds.
Third abilities are disabled for 10 seconds if used four times within 10 seconds.
Fourth abilities are disabled for 15 seconds if used twice within 10 seconds.
Channeled abilities only count when turned on; however the cooldown timer only begins once the ability is turned off again.
Helminth Injected abilities are disabled using the conditions applicable to the new slot they occupy.
Zones 1-5 only spawn 2 Efficiency Stimuli (Stimulus spawns in Zone 6 and beyond remain unchanged).
Rewards
Rewards are given per two successful zones in an AABC rotation in both Sanctuary Onslaught and Elite Sanctuary Onslaught to players before they jump into the Data-Conduit.
2, 10, 18, etc. Zones = Rotation A
4, 12, 20, etc. Zones = Rotation A
6, 14, 22, etc. Zones = Rotation B
8, 16, 24, etc. Zones = Rotation C
Sanctuary Onslaught/Rewards
**Tips:**
Equinox's Mend & Maim, Mirage's Explosive Legerdemain, Saryn's Spores, or Volt's Discharge are effective at clearing out the entire map of enemies.
Gauss's Thermal Sunder scales very well throughout Sanctuary rounds. Its subsumed version is useful for lower level rounds on other Warframes.

## Disruption
For the Status Effect, see Disrupt.
Little Duck introductory transmission
Disruption is an Endless Mission type introduced in Update 25, tasking the Tenno with recovering items from conduits, asset security systems which Alad V has marketed and sold across the system. Similar to Mobile Defense, the squad must fight high-ranking enemies to loot a conduit key and activate a terminal, then defend it from a Demo unit that tries to destroy that terminal.
The Disruption Node on Ganymede, Jupiter is only accessible after completing the Natah quest. The node on Apollo, Lua is only accessible after completing The War Within quest. The node on Armatus, Deimos requires The Deadlock Protocol and Whispers in the Walls quests.
Mechanics
At the start of the mission, there is a single terminal. Hacking this terminal will begin the objective as endless waves of enemies begin to spawn.
In each round, four Conduits colored yellow, white, blue, and cyan appear around the map, requiring keys to activate which are dropped by heavy (often Eximus) units, as well as special enemy units unique to some mission nodes: Amalgams at Ganymede on Jupiter and Gruzzlings at Armatus in Deimos.
Activating a Conduit with a corresponding key will:
Provide a random Conduit Effect, usually a debuff but rarely (one Conduit per round) a buff.
Spawn a Demo unit that runs from its spawn (several tiles away) towards the Conduit,
Start a 2:00 minute timer during which the Demo must not reach the Conduit
The Demo unit (called Demolyst at Ganymede, and Demolisher everywhere else) is a significantly more durable heavy unit that periodically beeps. It must be stopped from reaching the Conduit until the timer runs out, usually done by killing it.
If the unit reaches the Conduit within the time limit, it will begin to channel and self-destruct, destroying itself and the Conduit.
When the Demo unit is spawned, a red enemy marker will periodically briefly appear signifying the direction the Demo is coming from. The closer you are to it, the less the marker will fade out. When the Demo is within line of sight, the marker will remain permanently and will gain a precise distance value.
In each round, one random Conduit will apply a buff while the other three Conduits will all apply debuffs. If the Conduit applies a debuff and is destroyed, the debuff will persist until the current round ends. Likewise, if the Conduit applies a buff and it's successfully defended, the buff will persist until the current round ends.
There is a mission objective timer that forces players to complete the objectives. If 15 minutes pass without a Conduit being activated, the players are given 3 minutes to do the next objective, or fail the mission. The 3-minute fail timer is then constantly active for the rest of the mission. This can pose a problem for certain types of farming, like collecting Syndicate medals on Disruption nodes.
thumb|right|119px|Disruption Failsafe on Tamu, Kuva Fortress.
thumb|170x170px|Disruption Failsafe in Armatus, Albrecht's Labs
Once all four Conduits have been interacted with, and at least one has been successfully defended, players will receive rewards, and the mission will continue for another round after a 20-second delay.
An extraction point will appear giving players the option to extract individually; any player entering the extraction zone will trigger a 1 minute countdown timer, at the end of which all players in the extraction zone will be extracted while remaining players continue playing and can extract later any time they choose.
Conduit Failsafe
Sometimes Conduit Failsafes may be found throughout the map, which can be used on an active Conduit to negate the effects of all Conduits for the remainder of the round. They're single use, and only one exists per mission.
Conduit Effects
Note that Conduit effects in a Disruption node will change if another faction occupies it.
Note that effects which benefit Tenno are marked with "BOOST" at the start of their description.
Note that Conduit effects that drain shields, health, and energy scale with round.
Non-Endless Variants
Several non-standard Disruption missions adapt the normally endless mission type to a non-endless format, requiring players to defend a certain number of Conduits, then proceed to extraction.
8 Conduits Defended: Sortie, Alert, Deep Archimedea
4 Conduits Defended: Kuva Lich Controlled Territory, Steel Path Incursions, Syndicate
In non-endless Disruption variants, sets of Conduits spawn and rounds are advanced until a specific number of Conduits has been defended.
Once the Conduit defense quota has been filled, Conduits and enemies stop spawning and all remaining Conduits and keys immediately disappear, leaving no means by which the mission objective timer can be extended.
Non-endless extraction mechanics (timer starts with at least half the squad at extraction and all players extract simultaneously) overwrite Disruption's normal extraction mechanics for non-endless Disruption variants.
Locations
Disruption
Rewards
Disruption missions reward up to 1500 objective affinity, based on mission level, for each conduit which is successfully defended (usually by killing the associated Demo).
Disruption does not follow the traditional 'AABC' rotation for endless missions. The reward tier is determined by both round progression and round performance, i.e. the number of conduits successfully defended.
Disruption/Rewards
Demolisher Drops
Depending on the location, Demo Units will have a unique drop:
**Notes:**
With the exception of Demolisher Bonewidow and Demolisher Voidrig on Armatus, Deimos, Demolysts and Demolishers will pulse out a red aura every 5 seconds with a radius of 6.5 meters, immediately dispelling and disabling all Warframe abilities within range and on itself, similar to a Nullifier Crewman's bubble. Operator Transference is also jammed inside the aura.
Demolysts and Demolishers gain increased health based on squad size.
Squad Size 1: +0% health
Squad Size 2: +50% health
Squad Size 3: +100% health
Squad Size 4: +200% health
The Electrifying Conduit debuff appears to also behave as a Nullifying Conduit when attempting to use Cloak Arrows with Ivara or Cataclysm with Limbo, as it dispels the abilities entirely when in its radius. May be a bug. Confirmation needed
All Infested Demolisher units are immune to Viral Status, while Demolisher Juggernauts are completely immune to Viral damage altogether.
If the player lets all conduits get destroyed during a single round the mission will end as a failure.
Upon reaching round 46, by completing 180 conduits, enemies will have reached the level cap of 9,999.
**Tips:**
The Demo units are vulnerable to various crowd-control effects (see Demolisher for more details):
Cold status effect will greatly slow down the Demo and cannot be cleansed by their nullifier pulse.
Exodia Epidemic's suspension effect can be used to prevent the Demo units from reaching the console.
Magus Lockdown's tether will lock Demo units in place for its duration.
Harrow's Condemn, Khora's Ensnare, and Xaku's The Lost Deny can lock Demo units until cleansed.
Zenurik's Temporal Drag can significantly slow a Demo unit down. However, it doesn't slow the charging process when the Demo already reached the console.
A conduit on the HUD changes from grey text to white if a player in the team picks up a key.
thumb|The key for the white conduit is being held by a player, but not for the red conduit.
Reducing the volume of all controls except Sound Effects may assist in detecting the Demolyst sooner. The effect also emits a red pulse for the hearing impaired. Minimizing voice communication can also help in locating the Demolyst.
Stacking Enemy Radar, Enemy Sense, Stealth Drift, Vigilante Pursuit, and/or Animal Instinct can assist in detecting Demolysts without relying on sound.
Memorize all exits of the tilesets which the conduits are on to narrow down the Demolyst's spawn point. Usually the Demolyst will only have two or three locations to spawn from per Conduit.
When Conduits are first activated, always try to go about 150 meters down hallways to look/listen for Demolysts. Demolyst usually don't get to Conduit even with a minute remaining, so check time to go back when countdown is close.
Enemies will only drop keys while at least one conduit on the map requires a key. Allowing elite and Eximus/Amalgam enemies to accumulate between rounds, rather than killing them immediately, will improve key generation at the start of rounds after the first.
Since Primary Weapons cannot be used while carrying items such as keys, use of primary weapons is restricted in this game mode. As such, builds centered around around Secondary Weapons, Melee Weapons, and/or Warframe abilities may be more reliable and comfortable to use.
Consider bringing a debuff/armor strip frame, such as Nova (Molecular Prime), Ash (Seeking Shuriken), Nyx (Psychic Bolts), Caliban (Fusion Strike) or Banshee (Sonic Fracture), as this will make killing Grineer and certain Infested Demolysts much easier.
It is also worth noting that the Unairu ability Caustic Strike also fully permanently armor strips Demolysts.
Considering the amount of damage that a Demolyst can take, it is a must to bring a Warframe with high damage potential to take them down quickly, especially if attempting this mission type alone.
Kullervo's Wrathful Advance, combined with a heavy attack-centric melee weapon build and a high enough combo counter could very easily assassinate a Demolyst within one or two castings.
Keys on the ground will normally disappear when the matching conduit is activated. However, keys held by players will not disappear and can be carried into future rounds. This can allow players to activate one or more conduits as soon as a new round begins.
Once the matching conduit for a held key has been activated, the key can safely be dropped and will not despawn for the rest of the round. However, at the end of the round, all keys currently on the ground will despawn.
Keys can be picked up and conduits activated while in Operator mode, allowing for one player to carry two keys across rounds or for conduits to be activated in the current round while carrying a key for the next round.
Holding a key while switching out of Operator mode will destroy it.
In Albrecht's Laboratories on Armatus, if you see the opportunity to hack a Pom-2 to summon a Necramech, do so: Necramechs have the burst damage potential to destroy a Demolisher Voidrig or Demolisher Bonewidow efficiently.
While Bonewidow is sufficient for this mission, its Exalted Ironbride requires you to actively locate the Demolisher to get within range. Therefore, bringing Voidrig is a much better choice as its Guard Mode has the raw damage to burst down the Demolisher even if it gets close.
**Trivia:**
"Destroy them, my Amalgams!" and "Stay awhile, stay forever!" announced by Alad V during the mission on Jupiter are both references to Impossible Mission, a 1984 game for Commodore 64.
Fortuna's Little Duck serves as mission control for all Disruption missions outside of Jupiter and Deimos.
Prior to Update 25.7.4, 'spare' keys could be picked up by the players and used in the next round for a faster progression. After the Hotfix, keys that have been left on the ground will despawn when the corresponding conduit is activated, however, keys already held can still be carried over into the next round. Keys can also despawn if another key of the same type drops provided that sufficient time has passed since the previous drop.
In Disruption missions under the influence of a Lich, the Demo can spawn as a Requiem Thrall, requiring a Parazon finisher to defeat.

## The Index
Cephalon Sark
The Index is a Corpus Arena-style endless Mission organized by Nef Anyo and hosted by Cephalon Sark on Neptune, pitting Tenno and elite Corpus to fight for credits and other prizes.
Mechanics
Investment
Before entering the Index, the player initiating the mission must select an Investment amount in Credits that each squad member must pay in order to enter. There are three different investments:
Each player in the squad will be asked to invest the same amount of credits, and in public matches, players will be matched with others participating in the same investment tier.
This Investment will determine the Point Target the Tenno team has, which is a designated amount of Index Points that the team must cumulatively deposit and score in the match.
If the Tenno team achieves the Point Target during the match, their invested Credits will be returned and they will additionally receive the listed profit.
The credit rewards are not split between each player; everyone receives the full amount.
However, if the Tenno team wins the match by having more points than the opponent team of Anyo Corp but does not achieve the Point Target, their investment is reimbursed without interest for the last round.
Previous rounds that had successfully completed the Point Target will still reward the team with the listed profit.
If the team loses the match each player will lose their investment completely.
The listed return reward for winning is affected by a Credit Booster, although it does not appear on the mission complete reward screen (e.g. High Risk will reward 500,000 every round). However, doubled credits from the Daily First Win Bonus, via the first mission completed after receiving a Daily Tribute, does not apply to the winnings from the Index.
Index Points
The match consists of an endless number of rounds, with players voting to continue or extract after each successful round.
The goal of each round is to earn Index score for the team through the collection of Index Points, which are dropped by participants killed in battle.
Represented as green, glowing diamonds, Index Points can be collected by walking over them, and then deposited to a designated bank location in order to earn the actual Index score.
Every point deposited will add 10 more seconds to the timer, prolonging the match duration.
When an enemy scores, the timer will go down by 10 seconds per point.
A player can hold multiple Index Points at once and will gain bonus points for depositing large amounts at once, as seen in the table below.
Bonus points will not affect the duration of the timer.
However, holding points will apply the Financial Stress debuff which reduces the player's max health and shields, constantly drains energy, but provides a damage buff.
All these effects are proportional to the number of Index Points held and are delivered through the Financial Stress debuff displayed by the player's HUD to the upper right.
The Financial Stress debuff is capped at 25 stacks, even if a player holds more than 25 index points.
Health And Shield debuff is capped at 10% of maximum modded values or 10, whichever is greater.
Damage buff is capped at +148.5% damage.
At 3 stacks of Financial Stress, energy begins to drain at a rate of -1 energy/s.
The energy drain increases by 1/s for every additional stack of Financial Stress, to a maximum of -23 energy/s.
Bonus points cap at +10 when reaching 20 points, therefore it is not recommended to carry more than 20 points, as there is no benefit in holding more. It is most efficient to cash in at 15 points, since only 2 additional bonus points are gained by holding 20 points.
The players' team will win if they score more Index Points than the opposing team before time runs out. If by the end of the match the players happen to tie, the tie goes to Nef Anyo.
If players meet the Point Target and are ahead of the opposing team, the game pauses and an extraction menu appears.
Should players choose to continue onto the next round, the Point Target resets and can be reached again to yield a bigger credit payout, otherwise, they can leave with all their accumulated rewards.
The wager is only subtracted once at the start of the match, and will not be subtracted again for choosing to continue onto the next round.
However, enemy levels will slowly increase for the duration of the whole match, and if players continue and lose a round - they will forfeit all rewards, including those for the previous rounds.
Mods like Loot Detector, Thief's Wit and Animal Instinct (Primed Animal Instinct) do not affect Index points.
Specter Fill-Ins
The Index must be played with four players; however, randomized Warframe Specters will assist the player and fill in unused spots on the team.
These Specters can be Mag, Frost, Wukong, Ivara, Ember or Volt, each equipped with a small assortment of weapons and various color customizations.
Their AI is akin to the advanced AI of the Investors, incorporating strategic use of abilities and parkour maneuvers.
Additionally, they will attempt to protect the Specter or player with the highest points, loosely following them to provide some cover.
Warframe Specters will scale, however they can be more easily defeated than the player can in most cases, potentially giving Investors an easy way to obtain points.
Limitations
Health Orbs, Energy Orbs, and Ammo are only available at preset dispenser locations throughout the arena, spawning periodically. Companions and Gear cannot be brought into The Index though Warframe weapons, abilities, and mods will still function normally. Players have infinite lives, and will auto-respawn after 5 seconds of being killed or falling out of bounds.
Anyo Corp
Anyo Corp, also known as Brokers, are elite Corpus units that participate in the Index to oppose the Tenno.
Unlike most bosses they are susceptible to most Tenno abilities, including Nyx's Mind Control.
However, all of them possess extremely durable armor and shields, and some have certain tricks up their sleeve that make them considerably more formidable than regular Corpus units.
These Brokers are divided into 4 different groups, with each group being selected at random as the opponents for each game.
John Prodman
John Prodman is a legendary Corpus Prod Crewman that can be encountered in The Index after 1 hour has passed at any risk level. Known as Anyo Corp's "Employee of the Month", he drops an autographed poster when defeated, which can be placed in the Orbiter as a decoration once the mission is successfully completed.
Rewards
Aside from the bonus Credits earned from completing an Index match, all Brokers have a chance to drop Index Mods. These mods enhance Companions and are special augments for certain Corpus-originating weapons:
Locations
The Index: Endurance
Operation: The Index Preview
These rewards were available from October 20, 2016 to October 27, 2016 to introduce the game mode for the first time.
Inbox messages
Inbox Messages
THE INDEX: Nef's "Investment Opportunity"
Friends,
Have you seen this crap? Nef Anyo just created another scheme to milk suckers out of their credits. He calls it: The Index, but really, it's just wagering and bloodsport. Thing is Tenno, I like wagering and bloodsports are sort of your deal.
You get what I'm getting at? You go to this Index and fight against Nef's brokers. You'll win credits. I'll win credits. We'll all win credits. Except for Nef, he's going to lose a lot of credits. Just thinking about that makes me happy.
Your friend,
Darvo
Nef Anyo: "Has the Void been good to you? Has it taken your seed and turned it into a tree of wealth? Well, what if I told you the Void could turn that wealth into a fortune? It can, but only if you have faith. Ask yourself, 'Do I trust in the Void? Am I willing to put my investment into its glorious hands? Is my belief strong enough to reap its massive rewards?' Believer, if you're crying out 'YES!', then The Index is for you. The Index, it's where investors of faith seek fortune."
Darvo
(Attachment: The Index Emblem)
THE INDEX: Jackpot
We did it, Tenno, we hit the big time. I'm going to cash-out now but if you want to keep "investing", go ahead. You can never have too many credits, that's what I always say.
I'm giving you a little toke of my appreciation. After all the credits you've earned me, it's the least I can do.
-Darvo
(Attachment: Exilus Warframe Adapter)
THE INDEX: Bonus
You don't stop do you, Tenno. I like that. And just seeing you take all those credits from Nef, it warms my heart.
Here, I have one last gift for you.
Enjoy,
Darvo
(Attachment: The Index Sigil)
Profit Considerations
Gameplay considerations aside, one way Index rounds can yield optimal credit profit is by scoring like so:
It is worth noting that in random teams (with few or no Corrosive Projections or other armor-bypassing mechanics) killing speed is often much better in Low or Medium risk matches than in High risk ones.
Also, it is more profitable to stay in a match for a few rounds rather than leave and enter constantly, since wager is only paid once per match and profit is earned for each round.
Staying longer reduces both the wager's effect on earnings and time wasted in transitions between matches.
This has to be balanced against the enemy team's levels slowly rising for the duration of the entire match, thus making it more and more difficult to kill them with each subsequent round.
E.g. by the end of 1st round enemies would be around (depending on how quickly the round ended) level 70-80, by the end of 2nd around 100-110, and so on.
All things considered, random and less-optimized teams can potentially gain significantly higher overall earnings-per-hour in Low or Medium risk matches rather than in High risk.
Maps
Corpus
Corpus
**Tips:**
The Index is a reliable mission to farm for Credits
Banking is advised at 15 index points and no more, leading to the most efficient gains per point. If no carrier or other well-equipped player is present it can be safer to score at 5 points instead.
Hosting a High Risk Index mission from Clan Dojo navigation will almost always guarantee the Corpus Outpost (ice) tileset.
Host positions determine enemy spawn locations. Thus, having the host play in a corner of the map will make it more likely for enemies to spawn closer together to reduce need for chasing them around the arena.
It is advised to use Enemy Radar, Enemy Sense, Stealth Drift, and/or Vigilante Pursuit to spot enemies from further than the base 30 meters.
Note that Companions are not allowed in the Index so you cannot equip Animal Instinct.
Note that Index points do not show up on the minimap, nor do the static ammo and energy pickups, so Loot Detector and similar Loot Radar mods are useless in the Index.
Rhino's Iron Skin and Revenant's Mesmer Skin allow them to ignore Financial Stress penalties as long as they can keep these abilities up, making them effective Index point carriers.
Wisp is also a decent point carrier due to her stealth passive while in the air, combined with the buffs provided by her Reservoirs.
Dante, as well as Styanax with Intrepid Stand, are capable of granting the full squad a significant amount of Overguard, greatly improving survivability because Overguard is not impacted by Financial Stress.
Mesa's Peacemaker and Protea's Blaze Artillery are perfect offensive choices to quickly kill the enemies from afar without the need to aim precisely, and let a teammate collect Index Points.
Protea's Dispensary can also help provide crucial ammo and energy pickups for herself and others, given the severely limited supply in an Index combat zone.
The following Warframes are effective at area denial to prevent Brokers from scoring:
Gara's Mass Vitrify
Limbo's Stasis and Cataclysm
Khora's Strangledome
Strangledome will not capture Auditor, who can be binded by Ensnare instead.
Sevagoth's Gloom
Khora is able to bring Venari into The Index as she is a Warframe Ability, who can be modded with Animal Instinct (Primed Animal Instinct) and Fetch.
Wukong possesses high survivability in his passive and Cloud Walker, along with his Celestial Twin dealing significant damage.
**Trivia:**
The original version of the Index was radically different from the current implementation. The matches in the The Glast Gambit are the last remaining examples of some of the original Index designs.
It is not required for a player to do The Glast Gambit to access the Endurance Index node. Only the Host player needs to have it unlocked.
Ordis
rOH85hL4Oj4
23.10

## Kuva Lich
Unclear and implicit lore backround regarding Kuva Lich's origin and abilities.
Introduction to Kuva Liches
Kuva Liches are Grineer Adversaries, granted powers and resilience upon being infused with Kuva.
Careful selections of relatively adept Grineer troops by the Kuva Guardians are used as bait to orchestrate their death by the hands of a Tenno, which in turn allows them to absorb the elemental powers and energy of the very Warframe that ended their life, with part of the ensuing process ensuring they become immortal.
Now with elite Thrall troops, newly-created Liches often occupy entire planets, armed with Kuva weaponry which are heavily modified and enhanced from their standard iterations.
The Kuva Liches rose to power in Update 26: The Old Blood.
Overview
When a Tenno uses a Mercy Finisher on a Kuva Larvling, they will instead rise as a Kuva Lich to become an Adversary to them, and will start their reign by occupying Earth.
They will then begin to hinder the Tenno's progress by seizing a portion of the rewards from any completed missions on the occupied planet.
Kuva Liches are immortal, returning from death when killed in battle.
The only way to sever this immortality and permanently vanquish or convert them is to discover the correct sequence of Requiem Mods to apply to the Parazon.
Failed attempts to sever a Lich's immortality will result in them growing stronger, ranking up, and moving to a different planet (Earth, Mars, Ceres, Sedna, and finally the Kuva Fortress). When the correct sequence of Requiem Mods is used on the Lich, it will remove their immortality and prompt them to flee to Saturn Proxima, where they can either be vanquished or converted.
All Liches have randomized names, and some additionally have randomized quirks or equipped Ephemera.
Lore & History
To escape the decay caused by clone rot, the Old Blood -- Kuva -- was viewed by Grineer as an aspirational reward from the Twin Queens themselves. For the mere possibility of a glimpse from the Queens, they would work and kill endlessly, hoping that the Queens might be tempted to share the gift of the Old Blood with them.
After the Operator neutralizes the Elder Queen, the Worm Queen swears revenge on the Tenno. She begins experimenting on Grineer soldiers, using the Kuva they had been stockpiling through various means, in order to create a super soldier rivaling a Warframe.
Once a Kuva Larvling is located by the Kuva Guardians, the subject will be assessed to determine their viability of metamorphing into a Lich. If they are proven worthy subject they will then be taken to the Kuva Fortress to complete their transformation procedure to be a Kuva Lich, assuming they survive the procedure.
Creation
thumb|right|300px|Kuva Lich Profile Screen
thumb|right|300px|Downed Kuva Larvling with Kuva Weapon icon
After the completion of The War Within quest, obtaining Mastery Rank 5, and acquiring a Railjack, the player may encounter a Kuva Larvling in a regular level 20+ Grineer mission - this does not include Sorties, Void Fissures, Invasion, Quests or Dark Sectors, but does include Crossfire.
Uranus isn't included as a compatible location, but Steel Path missions are.
The potential for the spawning of a Kuva Larvling in a mission is announced to the player by the level's lighting flickering yellow.
When the flickering occurs the player has approximately 30 seconds to kill 15 enemies to force a Larvling to be created, similar to the way the Juggernaut spawning works.
When enough enemies have been killed, a Kuva Larvling will spawn along with a transmission from a Kuva Guardian announcing their presence.
Its location will be marked by a red waypoint displaying the Old Blood Sigil.
By choosing to kill the Kuva Larvling with a Parazon Mercy kill, the player causes a Kuva Lich to arise in the Origin System, and the Warframe used for this is recognized as the Progenitor Warframe.
In a squad, only the last player that damaged the larvling may take the Mercy kill.
If no one takes the mercy action, the larvling will despawn after 30 seconds.
Choosing to Mercy kill the larvling does not interrupt the normal course of the mission and upon return to the Orbiter, regardless of whether the mission was completed or aborted, the player will receive communications from the newly created Kuva Lich.
The Lich's profile can be accessed from either the Orbiter's Navigation console, or on the Main Menu, through a banner on the lower right corner of the screen.
Players cannot Mercy the Larvling if they already have an active Kuva Lich, Sister of Parvos, or Technocyte Coda. A Kuva Larvling can still spawn if any member of the squad already has an active Adversary.
Once the Larvling has been downed, the entire squad will receive 100 Kuva on end of mission, even if not mercied.
When the player is within mercy distance, the downed Larvling will also display an icon and name of the Kuva Weapon the created Kuva Lich will possess.
The displayed weapon is always random, meaning players can attempt the Larvling multiple times before Mercy killing one with their weapon of choice.
If the Larvling is ignored and the mission is completed, the displayed weapon will not show up again for any subsequent larvlings until all other kuva weapons have been cycled.
However, if the mission is aborted prematurely, the displayed weapon is not taken out of the pool—the mission must be completed.
Progenitor Warframe
thumb|The Kuva Lich on the left is an example of the Vengeful Toxin Ephemera.
The elemental effect of the Warframe that created the Kuva Lich will determine the elemental damage type the Kuva Lich weapon will have, as well as their ability kit. Kuva Liches have a 20% chance to be created with an Ephemera equipped that corresponds to the elemental effect of the Progenitor Warframe who created them, which will be rewarded in the players inventory regardless of if they are Vanquished or Converted.
Adversary System/Progenitor
Personality
The Kuva Larvling's character model also acts as a preview of whether it will have a jovial/mad (male) or logical/flirtatious (female) personality. Jovial or mad liches will spawn from a Kuva Larvling appearing as a Saturn Six Fugitive, whereas logical or flirtatious liches will spawn from a Kuva Larvling appearing as a Kuva Scorpion.
Tutorial
The Kuva Lich tutorial summary can be accessed from the "Tutorial" button in the Kuva Lich profile.
AN IMMORTAL FOEYou can only defeat this Adversary with the power of mysterious Requiem Mods.
REQUIEMSRequiem Mods can be acquired from Requiem Eterna Relics, found in Kuva Siphons, Thralls & Hounds and Kuva Floods, or the (deprecated) Requiem Relics (I-IV) from Palladino.
MURMURSCollect Murmurs by defeating [ADVERSARY NAME]'s Thralls (Grineer) or Hounds (Corpus) to learn the Known Requiems.
THE SECRETEquip the Known Requiems on your Parazon and battle [ADVERSARY NAME] to determine the correct sequence.
TAXESIn regions containing your Adversary's territory, [ADVERSARY NAME] may steal your rewards. Defeating [ADVERSARY NAME] is the only way to recover your losses.
VENGEANCELure [ADVERSARY NAME] out of hiding by defeating Thralls or Hounds in controlled areas.
RAILJACKPursue [ADVERSARY NAME] in Railjack once they Flee to the Proxima Regions.
Behavior & Mechanics
Star Chart Influence and Reward Tax
Once born, a Kuva Lich will establish influence across various mission nodes on a certain planet.
The occupied planet is determined by the Lich's current level (detailed in the chart below).
The Lich mission on influenced nodes will spawn Kuva Thralls, which are indicated by a white/blue aura and red waypoint marker.
Completing these missions will clear the influence from that node.
Influence will shift to the next planet in the sequence if the player performs a Parazon finisher on their Lich and causes them to rank up.
Alternatively, clearing all influenced nodes from a planet will automatically cause the Lich to rank up and shift its influence to the next planet.
Additionally, a portion of the rewards a player earns on an influenced node will be stolen by the Kuva Lich as a Reward Tax (this includes Credits, Resources, Blueprints, Void Relics, Ayatan Treasures, Kuva, and Mods, but not Requiem Eterna, Requiem Mods, and Pigments). As the number of nodes under influence increases, the Reward Tax will also increase (roughly 0.7% per node). Fortunately, the player can reclaim everything that was stolen once they fully defeat their Lich.
A Kuva Lich that has retreated to their Railjack confrontation node in Saturn Proxima will continue stealing rewards from normal Saturn starchart missions until the player defeats them.
Rage Meter
Kuva Lich may have one of five levels of anger: Indifferent → Annoyed → Fuming → Furious → Enraged.
A rage meter can be seen in the Kuva Lich Profile page, representing the likelihood that the Kuva Lich will appear in the player's missions.
The 'angrier' the Kuva Lich, the more likely the player will encounter them.
Only killing thralls in nodes occupied by the player's Kuva Lich will further anger the Kuva Lich and increase the meter.
Occupied node mission completion will not increase the meter nor will killing thralls in different Kuva Lich nodes (via taxi), although the latter will still give murmur progress.
The meter will reset every time the Kuva Lich levels up, except for the final level of 5.
Using a Requiem Ultimatum can instantly spawn the player's Kuva Lich regardless of rage meter level.
Level
Every Kuva Lich starts at Level 1, indicated above their name in their stats screen.
As the player progressively fills the Kuva Lich's rage meter they will eventually meet the Kuva Lich in combat during a mission.
If the player fails a Mercy attack at any point during the fight, the Kuva Lich will be staggered, swearing vengeance towards the player.
After doing so, the Kuva Lich will increase in level by 1 and then despawn.
As a Kuva Lich increases in level so too does the level of missions under their influence.
A Kuva Lich can reach a maximum level of 5.
Kuva Liches may gain additional resistances and immunities upon leveling up.
Abilities/Attacks
Kuva Liches have four unique abilities, three of them are variants of existing Warframe abilities and one is a movement ability. The first three abilities that they possess depend on the element associated with the Progenitor Warframe that killed them. Regardless of the Progenitor Warframe, the fourth ability can be one of the following four abilities: Lurch, Stampede, Teleport, or Vault. Thralls will inherit their Kuva Lich's movement ability.
Kuva Liches start out with their ability 1 and ability 4 (movement); they will gain access to their ability 2 at level 2, and ability 3 at level 3 (similar to how Warframes gain access to their new abilities when ranking up).
In addition to the above abilities, Kuva Liches can perform grapple attacks against Tenno, dealing heavy damage to them. The player will be thrown and stuck in a ragdoll animation after these attacks. During the animation other players can damage the Kuva Lich, albeit dealing reduced damage.
Thrall
thumb|right|Thrall waypoint icon
A Kuva Lich does not maintain their territory on their own. Aside from enlisting the aid of Grineer soldiers, a select few of these soldiers are turned into Thralls, who are behaviorally identical to standard Grineer troops but have various bonuses. Aside from inheriting Kuva Lich's ability 4 (movement), they receive 25% less damage compared to their standard counterparts.
Thralls are identified by a blue outline that surrounds them, similar to the one found on Synthesis Targets. Their label is changed to "[Kuva Lich Name] Thrall", and their presence is noted by both a special red Mission Waypoint and a musical sting that plays when they spawn. Ironically enough, the Thralls themselves provide the means to defeat their Kuva Lich once and for all.
All thralls have a 5% chance of dropping a Requiem Eterna.
Spawning Mechanics
Generally, most Grineer units can be converted to Thralls with the exceptions of Latchers, Hyekkas, Drahk, Rollers, Noxes, and Guardsmen. A Thrall appearing in a mission will be accompanied by a musical sting and a waypoint marker, and their weapon colors are changed to match the general color scheme of their Kuva Lich. Kuva Liches may attempt to convert the latter three units, but despite appearances they will not turn into Thralls.
Up to 10 Thralls may naturally spawn in a mission, based on Grineer units killed. This limit may not always be met, as the player may exhaust every Grineer enemy in a mission without encountering 10 Thralls.
The Kuva Lich is also limited to enthralling 10 nearby enemies once every 20 seconds, thus up to 20 Thralls can be encountered in a given Kuva Lich-controlled node should the Kuva Lich spawn in the mission. However, enthralled enemies count towards the mission's natural Thrall limit, so the maximum of 20 can only be reached if all 10 Thralls have already spawned in the mission before the Kuva Lich enthralls any enemies.
Naturally converted Thralls usually appear in large groups of Grineer, always out of sight, or range, of the player. These naturally converted Thralls are almost always converted in the neighboring tile, in the direction of the mission objective, relative to the player. However, there's a small chance a Thrall can also spawn in the same Tile the player is in, if it's out of line of sight, as close as 20 yards away.
The 1st Thrall appears at the start of the mission, as the player starts to move, with a few more Thralls appearing as the player moves through the Tile Set. A few additional Thralls, on top of these few extras, will spawn if enemies are being killed. Killing Thralls quickly have no impact on when the next Thrall will spawn. The spawn timer is somewhat fixed (roughly 23-45 seconds, from spawn to spawn). Stealth has no impact on Thrall conversion, neither negative nor positive.
Quirk
Kuva Liches may rarely spawn with a quirk that provides unique voice-lines and behavior when encountered.
qk
Requiem Mods
thumb|right|300px|Requiem Mods
Requiem Mods are a special subset of Parazon Mods, each one an enigmatic phrase fragment of a complete Requiem Sequence, thus the only way to defeat the Kuva Lich.
They are obtained from opening Requiem Eterna from Kuva Siphon missions or dropped by the Kuva Lich's Thrall, the (deprecated) Requiem Relics I-IV in Palladino's shop in Iron Wake for 10 Riven Sliver each with a purchase limit of 10 each per weekly reset, the Requiem Eterna Relic Pack (85) containing 6 Requiem Eterna Relics, the Kuva Lich Hunter Collection (835) containing the Requiem Eterna Relic Pack and one copy of each Requiem Mod, or Trading.
Oull which acts as a wildcard that can replace any Requiem drops from the Kuva Lich at a 25% chance once they flee to the Saturn Proxima.
The Kuva Lich is vulnerable to three Requiem Mods, however there is a 'sequence' they must be equipped in from left to right. Gathering Requiem Murmurs from Kuva Lich's Thralls can help identify the correct Requiem Mods, but the sequence is only known by testing the mods on the Lich.
All mods have 3 charges. Once the Requiem passphrase of the Kuva Lich has been successful and they flee to the Saturn Proxima, all equipped mods will lose 1 charge. Once all charges are exhausted, the mod becomes Defiled and can no longer be used; in this state it can only be broken down into Endo, sold for Credits, or transmuted.
**Notes:**
All Kuva Lich interactions will be registered in the Codex, under "Kuva Lich History" in the Universe tab.
The ability to rewatch the Kuva Lich intro cutscene is present in the Kuva Lich History, through the "View Cinematic" button.
Successfully completing all available Kuva Lich mission nodes without failing during the requiem mini-game (or by just ignoring it) will automatically rank the Kuva Lich up and spread their influence to another planet.
Accessing the Saturn Proxima for the Kuva Lich Confrontation requires one rank 5 Railjack Intrinsics.
Converted Notes
Will always spawn at level 75 (if Rank 5) on Railjack missions and through normal missions with the On-Call feature of Railjack. However, they will have limited scaling when they spawn naturally to assist players who have died at least once, going past level 75 in Steel Path missions.
The "Lightning Bolt" ability on Electric Liches is generally ineffective on Converted liches, they may target an enemy behind a wall or in another cell, then be locked in place for a few seconds as they slowly redirect it, only to stop after a short direction change and not hit anything.
The Decoy used by Radiation liches is effective on Railjack to draw Aggro from enemy boarders and away from other crew and the ship, as it has a high threat level.
"Plasma Eruption" from Heat based liches locks the lich in place, but the pillars of fire will spawn seemingly to all enemies within range, offering excellent stun at the cost of making the lich vulnerable during casting and the long cooldown.
"Plasma Fire" from Heat based liches will also often miss and only offers minimal damage and a very short stun.
Liches with the Kuva Bramma will often aim while moving slowly if they detect enemies, and walk slower than other types of Liches. On railjack, they will never run as a result and slowly walk around.
Liches with the Kuva Ogris will often miss as they will target enemies' torsos at range, or at enemies feet if they are close enough. They will also only fire 2 rounds before reloading, or oddly enough 3 rounds if their fire rate is boosted by Wisp's Haste Reservoirs.
Their Kuva Ogris will also never proc Slash despite the player version having slash damage in its explosion.
A Cold Lich's "Frozen Fortress" ability fully removes the armor of enemies they freeze solid, but the duration is rather low and the cooldown is long (like all "ultimate" abilities from liches). It does however, let them do decent damage against armor in this manner.
Liches with the "Fear of space travel" quirk will cower in the Simulacrum if spawned with the On Call railjack feature, since the relays are in space. This is despite the fact that the simulacrum is technically not on land or in space but a digital realm.
Impact Liches will only use their Iron Skin ability once when casting, and do not appear to ever use the ability again, preferring to use their movement ability the most and sometimes pulling enemies with ripline, and rarely using Stomp.
Liches equipped with the Kuva Nukor retain the weapon's perfect accuracy and chaining ability, offering excellent crowd control through Radiation procs but minimal damage to armor.
Liches, like Sisters, will revive downed Crew Members the same way players do and take time to do so. As they are significantly stronger than normal crew this makes them be able to withstand the toughest punishments while keeping your crew alive.
Cold based liches' Avalanche ability does not remove armor permanently, unlike Frost's version of Avalanche.
**Trivia:**
Lich, from Old English līċ meaning 'corpse', is a type of undead creature commonly featured in fantasy fictions.
The idea of Kuva Liches dates back to Devstream 88 when they were previously known as the "Kingpin" system.
Originally, the Warframe's color palette, choice of skin, and even whether or not it was a Prime/Umbra variant would affect the Kuva Lich's look and color scheme. In the current build, however, only the Warframe's chosen helmet is attached to one of the Kuva Lich's shoulders, though it also takes into account Deluxe and TennoGen helmets as well.
Some helmets are seemingly incompatible, however. In these instances, Excalibur's default helmet will appear instead.
During the Railjack gameplay during TennoCon 2019, a Kuva Ayanga wielding Kuva Lich was present named "Agor Rok" who served as the Railjack Grineer Galleon assassination target.
During TennoCon 2019, Agor Rok's Galleon was protected by a shield powered by a generator on the Plains of Eidolon; players were planned to connect to other squads in real-time via Squad Link (called OpLink in Operation: Scarlet Spear) to have a ground team destroy the generator. This mechanic did not make it into the game.
During TennoCon 2019, Agor Rok was a Tech Specialist that allowed him to use the Galleon's energy to shield himself, which could be disabled with the Railjack team destroying the generators outside of the Galleon. This mechanic did not make it into the game.
"Agor Rok" appears to be the default name of Kuva Liches, and by extension the Sisters of Parvos, internally; Liches or Sisters who spawn in a co-op session may use "Kuva Lich Agor Rok" instead of their actual name, which remains unchanged for the Lich's/Sister's Progenitor.
As confirmed on Prime Time #267, the first Kuva Lich that rose in the public build was named "Budigg Fugg".
Prior to Update 27.1, using the Parazon on a Kuva Lich with the incorrect Requiem passphrase would result the Kuva Lich grappling the Warframe and snapping their spine, instantly killing them regardless of bleedout and death prevention effects such as Phoenix Renewal or Wukong's passive.
With 8 unique Requiem mods, there are 336 possible permutations that can be created using three of those mods.
Thus, if none of the mods needed are known there is a 1 in 336 chance for a random 3 of the 8 mods to be in the correct order. If one mod in the sequence is known, there is a 1 in 126 chance. If two mods in the sequence are known, there is a 1 in 36 chance. And if all three mods in the sequence are known, there is a 1 in 6 chance for them to be in the correct order.
However, while knowing 0, 1, 2, or 3 of the needed mods, only a maximum of 18, 13, 8, and 3 preliminary fights against a Kuva Lich respectively are needed to determine the correct mod order.
In the case where at least one mod is known as the best strategy to minimize the possible number of fights needed is to always check the position of the known mods first.
Otherwise, if 0 mods are known, the player must make 7 checks for the first position, 6 for the second, and 5 for the third, resulting in 18 total checks in the worst-case scenario.
For example, say only 2 mods are known.
These known mods, A & B, should always be placed in the first two positions with the third position being filled by one of the remaining 6 mods.
Say position 3 is filled with mod C for the time being.
If during the fight with a Kuva Lich the first mod fails, switch the first and second position since both A and B are known.
So B is in 1 and A is in position 2, then repeat the fight.
If the first position fails again then it is guaranteed that one of the remaining 6 mods must fill position 1, while A & B are in positions 2 or 3.
In which case 5 more checks for mods C through G may be necessary to determine the correct mod for position 1, and one more check may be necessary to check the order of A & B in the last two positions.
5 checks for position 1 and not 6 even though 6 mods remain, because if mods C through G fail then it is guaranteed mod H must fill position 1, and as such there is no need to check it.
Thus resulting in 13 checks total in the worst-case scenario.
This process applies to the other two cases where only 1 mod and 3 mods are known.
Because simply testing a combination on a Kuva Lich grants roughly 10 Murmurs on average, the number of checks needed will actually be even lower than described above. It should also be noted that Murmurs collected from Thralls during missions will of course lower this further.
All Kuva Liches have a large crimson gem-like container on their bodies, specifically on the chests, on the backs, or covering one of the eyes. This is presumably a vessel that contains the Queens' blood, Kuva.
In the execution animation that plays, the Tenno always stabs their Parazon into the orb when vanquishing a Kuva Lich, probably to destroy their source of Kuva, severing their immortality.
In the conversion animation, the Tenno's Parazon will latch onto the orb and shock the Kuva Lich, presumably purifying their Kuva to be aligned with the Tenno.
xksEKkdIHYw

Warframe - Parazon Guide - How To Get And Use Your Parazon
Warframe - How To Get Requiem Eterna Relics and Requiem Mods
Lich and Incarnon Weapon Tracker

## Empyrean
navigation
Upon first interacting with the Railjack Navigation menu
Empyrean is a unique game mode introduced in Update 27. These missions take place in the vast expanse of space, utilizing Railjack and Archwings to combat enemy spacecraft.
To host a game in Empyrean, players must go to the navigation console on their Railjack, which can be accessed within their Clan Dojo's Dry Dock, in the middle of their Orbiter, or from the menu by pressing Esc → Board Railjack.
Players must complete the Rising Tide quest in order to pilot their own Railjack.
However, any player who has completed The Archwing can join in Empyrean missions by selecting an Empyrean node in their Star Chart.
The host's Railjack is used during the mission.
Upon mission completion the host can use the Navigation screen to either begin a new mission or go back to the Dry Dock to collect all the mission rewards earned up until that point.
Mechanics
Empyrean missions involve the Tenno fighting either Grineer or Corpus in the various proxima regions within the Empyrean star chart. Players utilize their Railjack and Archwing to do a variety of tasks that vary based on faction type and region. Players encounter many different types of enemies including Fighters and Crewships, and players may also have side objectives, such as points of interest or abandoned derelicts, which can grant extra rewards if the mission is completed.
Enemy crewships can be boarded using the Archwing (including being launched from Archwing Slingshot facility within the Railjack).
The crewships can be destroyed by either using Forward Artillery from within the Railjack, or by boarding and then destroying its reactor from within.
They can alternatively be disabled and/or commandeered by boarding and killing its crew and pilot from within.
If destroyed, any Tenno within will automatically be launched back into space on their Archwing.
A commandeered crewship will become an active target for enemy gunships.
Both crewships and points of interest will occasionally launch Ramsleds which, if not shot down, will ram into the Railjack and deploy boarding parties of ground troops. These troops will not only threaten the Tenno aboard the Railjack but also periodically spawn hazards such as fires and hull breaches that if not repaired in time may cause the mission to fail.
Completing the mission will not offer an extraction point that players familiar with ground missions may expect.
Instead, once Bonus Rewards above are shown on the screen - the mission is considered complete at that point, and any player in the squad can simply abort the mission (ESC > Abort Mission), which will display a warning that only progress will be saved, but not any items or resources earned during the mission.
However, contrary to the warning, all items and resources will also in fact be added to the player's account.
Any one of the remaining players may select another Railjack mission from the Navigation console located in the Railjack's bridge, which includes docking the Railjack back in the hosting player's Dry Dock.
Damage System
Damage#Empyrean
Grineer Missions
All Grineer missions are Skirmish missions; an Exterminate-like mission where players must kill enemy fighters and Gokstad Crewships.
Sometimes, Skirmishes will have additional objectives in the form of eliminating outposts, called "Points of Interest", that often threaten the Railjack with armaments or buffing enemy fighters. The crew must send an "Away Team" to board the outpost, sometimes coordinating with the Railjack crew, to remove the outpost from play. Additionally, Grineer Points of Interest may reward components for Oberon.
Corpus Missions
Missions involving the Corpus are a combination of Railjack gameplay and normal grounded missions in a Corpus Ship, which consists of Exterminate, Defense, Volatile, Orphix, Spy, or Survival.
After completing initial Railjack objectives, such as clearing Points of Interests or destroying a small number of enemy crewships, all players must dock within the Corpus Ship via Archwing.
Once half the squad enters, a 30-second countdown will begin, after which all players will be forcibly teleported into the ship to transition into grounded objectives, which behaves identically to normal missions.
During these Corpus Ship segments, the Railjack is invulnerable and all space enemies will despawn, but players cannot return to space gameplay or Omni teleport back to the Railjack until the grounded objectives are complete and have reached the extraction point from within the ship.
Points of Interest
Grineer
Grineer missions have a chance to assign additional objectives in the form of Points of Interests. All objectives are comprised of hacking two consoles and destroying components both inside and on the outpost's surface. Grineer Points of Interests are:
Grineer Galleon - Contains a Grineer captain (Blite Captain or Pyr Captain) which must be killed to clear the Points of Interest. The interior of the galleon uses the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Asteroid Base - Contains a Grineer commander (Glacik Commander or Lektro Commander) which must be killed to clear the Points of Interest. The interior of the base uses the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Pulse Turbine - An outpost which increases the damage of enemy fighters.
Asteroid Hangar - Contains an unmanned Gokstad Crewship.
Shipkiller Platform - An outpost with a giant laser capable of causing hull breaches.
Missile Platform - An outpost capable of shooting a barrage of seeking missiles and Ramsleds when in range.
Corpus
Corpus missions have Secondary Objectives ("Disable Priority Targets" in HUD) that must be completed before boarding a Corpus capital ship (either an Obelisk, Pillar or Stanchion). They can be found in space stations near the main capital ship target. The entrance to these objectives are revealed by a yellow waypoint when players are within a 1500-meter range. Their spawn mechanism depends on the region:
Venus Proxima spawns one objective. Multi-Point objectives (Crewships and Security Nodes) spawn in two.
Neptune Proxima spawns two objectives. Multi-Point objectives (Crewships and Security Nodes) spawn in two or three.
Pluto Proxima spawns three objectives. Multi-Point objectives (Crewships and Security Nodes) spawn in three.
Veil Proxima spawns four objectives. Multi-Point objectives (Crewships and Security Nodes) spawn in three.
Completing a Point of Interest will reward a hidden cache (rotation A), that is revealed and awarded at the completion of the main mission. Examples of Corpus Points of Interest are:
Icedriver - Will fire Comet Shards that deal Cold damage, which can freeze the Railjack, preventing movement.
Autofactory - Sends out Corpus Ramsleds with Aurax troops to board the Railjack.
Tether Power Plant - Overcharges all Corpus fighter shields over a large area. The player must interact with consoles to separate each segment of the Plant, while avoiding the electricity hazards.
Anchor Station - Will launch Aurax Crewships when approched.
Carrier Platform - Will launch Aurax fighter units.
Cyclops Array - Fires bursts of missiles at the Railjack.
Freightlinker - Will launch Aurax Ramsleds to board the Railjack.
These all have the same function: If entered, the player will get an objective to hack two terminals. The hack takes x seconds at 100% hacking rate; drone enemies which spawn multiply the existing rate by 0.4 (i.e. two drones reduces the hacking rate to 16%), while electrical pulses that target the player will set the hacking rate to 0% for 6 seconds (the pause duration is as long as the Electricity status effect lasts).
Freightlinker - Several transport carts are linked together. The player must hack and dislodge them, and kill the Optio commander at the end.
There are two carts total, each with a 30-second objective to defend a hacked terminal. After defending, there is a 15-second period before the cart is decoupled and lost to space (players will enter Archwing mode if they do not reach the next cart in time, but they can still enter the next cart).
Security Nodes - Fire lasers at the Railjack, may be attached to Corpus capital ships or to Crewships (only attached to Crewship Objectives).
Security Nodes attached to Crewships do NOT count towards total objective spawns.
Crewships - Players must destroy a certain number of crewships.
Abandoned Derelict Caches
Some missions have abandoned derelict-like structures floating adrift in space. Boarding these structures and then hacking a marked terminal will produce a "Cache" (rotation B for Corpus Proxima nodes) reward at the end of the mission. Intrinsics Piloting Rank 5 will reveal the derelict's location via a white Waypoint.
Each Corpus Proxima region contains different variants:
Orokin Shield Derelicts are present on Venus Proxima
Ice Mines are present on Neptune Proxima
Derelict Freightlinkers are present on Pluto Proxima and Corpus Veil Proxima nodes
For Grineer missions, only Veil Proxima nodes have a chance of spawning a derelict and it will not spawn in a mission with a Sentient Anomaly present.
Abandoned Derelicts can reward exclusive items, such as blueprints and/or parts for the Athodai, Carmine Penta, Nautilus, Ignis Wraith, and Spectra Vandal along with Void Relics containing Nyx Prime, Hikou Prime, Scindo Prime, Valkyr Prime, Cernos Prime, and Venka Prime, and exclusive mods: Votive Onslaught, Internal Bleeding, and Hemorrhage.
If the reward is collected before the mission is marked as complete, the reward will appear as the final Bonus Reward. If, however, the reward is collected after the mission is marked as complete, the reward will be shown on the rewards screen after transitioning from the mission to a dry dock or another mission.
AbandonedDerelictCaches
Empyrean/RewardsAbandonedDerelictCaches
Void Storm
Void Storms are unique Void Fissure missions that feature randomly appearing hazards called Void Sinks that deal radial damage, but attacking them before they explode will cause them to disappear. Only foot enemies, including Crewship personnel and Ramsled boarders, can become Corrupted and drop Reactant.
Completing Void Storms, even without bringing in or opening a relic, reward Corrupted Holokeys, Sevagoth and Epitaph parts, or Radiant Void Relics.
VoidStormRewards
Empyrean/RewardsVoidStorm
Mission Regions
thumb|300px|right|Empyrean Region Map
As of Update 29.10, players gained access to six mission regions: Earth, Venus, Saturn, Neptune, Pluto and Veil Proxima.
Earth and Venus proxima is unlocked by default.
However, Saturn and Neptune Proxima require rank 3 Intrinsic, while Pluto and Veil proxima requires rank 5 and rank 7 Intrinsic in any category respectively to unlock.
Each region has its own set of nodes that will be revealed as the player progresses through the region.
These nodes progress in a linear fashion and access to regions is not controlled by Junctions.
Note that these nodes do not count towards the progress of unlocking Arbitrations and The Steel Path.
Rewards
See Empyrean#Rewards
All drops within space and inside points of interest are distributed to the entire squad.
As Railjack missions can have multiple separate objectives, the end-of-mission rewards also come in multiple parts.
Completing the mission's main objective (or one rotation of it, in case of endless missions) grants a major reward (typically a Component Wreckage, Void Relic, or Endo).
Reaching mission completion grants two resource bundles as well.
Completing Priority Targets and Points of Interest also give rewards from their own separate reward "Cache" pools.
Main objective rewards are node-specific, while other loot tables are identical in a given region (except for the Veil Proxima, where Grineer and Corpus nodes have different tables).
Upon completing all of the mission objectives, players will immediately receive the mission rewards. They can then either search the area for additional resources, use the navigation console to begin a new mission or return to the Dry Dock, or simply exit the mission session to return to their Orbiter.
**Notes:**
Specters of any kind deployed will persist throughout missions, and even remain upon entering the Dry Dock. However, their level will be limited to the enemy level of the mission they were spawned with, and can only assist in repelling boarders. They can be told to wait in specific locations to fortify areas as well.
All containers and lockers contain Railjack resources as well as 15 endo. Rare crates contain small amounts of rare railjack resources and bonus endo (around 160).
Enemies within Corpus Railjack missions will drop Region Resources, rather than Railjack ones.
**Trivia:**
Empyrean is derived from the adjective empyrean, which can have the following meanings:
relating to heaven or the sky.
the highest part of heaven, thought by the ancients to be the realm of pure fire.
[literary] the visible heavens; the sky.
a01Ea1h1gDg

## Profit-Taker Orb
Monster of the Vallis and protector of Enrichment Labs, this massive Orb appears to be invulnerable.
Profit-Taker's introduction
Profit-Taker Orb is a large Raknoid creature found atop the Enrichment Labs in the Orb Vallis, acting as one of the Bosses of the landscape. The gargantuan creature can only be engaged during the Heist with Vox Solaris, requiring the rank of Old Mate within Solaris United.
The orb incorporates Sentient technology within its shields that are put into overcharge by satellites and is protected by an extremely durable carapace reserved for Corpus Ships, making it seemingly invulnerable.
Behavior
Archgun Damage Resistance
Profit-Taker Orb possesses a flat 50% damage resistance towards most Archguns. Archguns with AoE damage effects like Kuva Grattler, Grattler, Mausolon and Kuva Ayanga have their own unique damage resistance applied when used against the boss, but they are adjusted to keep their damage output still roughly ~50% of their full potential.
Corvas Prime does not currently possess any damage reduction against the boss.
In the Enrichment Labs
If a Heist against it is not currently in progress, Profit-Taker can be found idling on top of the entrance to the Enrichment Labs, overlooking the courtyard. It will remain passive until the third alarm level, at which point the Orb begins firing mortar projectiles at nearby Tenno. However, the Profit-Taker Orb will not move to engage the Tenno in any other ways and will remain on top of the Enrichment Labs.
In the Profit-Taker Heist
Profit-Taker possesses her own line of Heist Bounties relating to all the steps taken to bring the Mother Orb down. Although the theme implies otherwise, the Profit-Taker can only be fought when the player had reached the third and the fourth stage of the Heist, and they will engage approaching Tenno with its wide arsenal of attacks.
Mounted Turret: An invulnerable Turret attached under the Orb's main body continuously fires at nearby Tenno. The Turret has high accuracy and acts independently of the Orb's other attacks.
Leg Discharge: The Orb channels electricity into one of its legs and unleashes it at nearby Tenno, with a high chance of inflicting Electricity status in the process. Profit-Taker only uses this attack if a Tenno runs in front of one of its legs and cannot use it on any of its destroyed legs. This move can be used independently of the Orb's other attacks.
Rocket Barrage: The Orb fires a volley of rockets from the top of its head, that automatically home in on the Tenno, dealing high damage as they explode.
Repelling Shields: The Orb summons giant rectangular energy shields all around itself, then pushes them outwards.
Any Tenno in the shields' path will be pushed back and knocked down, and will also take a moderate amount of damage.
The shields spawn depending on how high above ground the target is: if the target is 50 meters above ground, the Orb will summon the shields 50 meters above itself.
Later in the fight, Profit-Taker can use an advanced version of this attack, where it becomes capable of summoning an additional shield barrier on top of the other.
Laser Sweep: The Orb fires four laser beams at the ground, which progressively travel further, in a sweeping motion, until they reach the Tenno. While powerful, this move is slow, travels in a single direction, and thus can be easily dodged by running away from the beams' path.
EMP Slam: The Orb slams the ground with its main body; the impact creates three radial shockwaves, dealing high Magnetic damage and status to any Tenno in the way. Profit-Taker tends to use this move only when a Tenno passes under its main body. Additionally, this attack is briefly telegraphed, and the shockwaves can be dodged by ducking under or jumping over them.
Mortar Cannon: The Orb opens the top of its head to reveal a massive cannon, firing a single, powerful mortar shot, similar to the one it uses when encountered in the Enrichment Labs. Upon touching the ground or a target, the mortar explodes in a large area of effect, outlined in red at the point of impact, dealing a high amount of damage and is guaranteed to knock down any Tenno caught in the blast. Profit-Taker can use this move in two different ways:
If shield pylons are active: the Orb fires the mortar in the same manner as when encountered in the Enrichment Labs.
If shield pylons are inactive: the Orb fires the mortar directly at the target. This has its pros and cons, as while this version of the attack is very dangerous, Profit-Taker can also be tricked into firing the mortar so that it doesn't explode nearby (for example, staying airborne as the Orb fires the mortar, so that instead of exploding on the ground, the mortar continues its course and explodes far away from the battlefield).
Shield Pylons: Each time the Orb recovers its adaptive shielding, it launches 4 to 6 pylons in the sky, which then land all around the battlefield.
As long as the pylons are active, Profit-Taker will stop moving, but is invulnerable to all damage.
The pylons themselves are protected by a small forcefield that blocks incoming gunfire, but can be passed through.
Profit-Taker only uses this move twice in the entire fight; when used for the second time, the pylons also possess the Orb's Repelling Shields attack.
Strategy
Profit-Taker Orb can only be engaged in its own Heist bounties, specifically in Phase 3 to Phase 4.
Profit-Taker Heist: Phase 3
After disabling the satellite charger in the bounty, The Business will bombard the Profit-Taker with mortars forcing her off the roof. Enraged, Profit-Taker engages the Tenno and a Data Gathered percentage meter will appear as an objective.
To gather data, its impenetrable shield must be assaulted. Each attack, regardless of their effectiveness, will contribute to the objective meter (including attacks that do not affect her shield at all).
Once the data meter reaches 66.66%, the data meter will only increase when the shield itself is properly damaged, meaning the player must adapt to Profit-Taker's weaknesses. A damage type will be displayed on its forehead, which means that the shield is only vulnerable to that damage, while every other damage type will be rendered useless. The Orb's weakness can change through various means:
When the adaptation remains unchanged for 25 seconds, the shield will naturally cycle to another element.
If the Orb takes damage from its current element, up to 20% of her total shields, the shield will quickly cycle to another element as a countermeasure.
If the Orb is struck with the Operator's Void Beam or Paracesis at Rank 40, the shield will adopt another weakness. Note that when the shield changes weaknesses, it cannot change again for another five seconds.
Regardless of how much damage was dealt to the Orb, it is not possible to completely strip Profit-Taker's shield. Thankfully, the meter will be filled long before this becomes a problem. Once the meter is filled the Tenno are free to retreat to Fortuna.
Profit-Taker Heist: Phase 4
Before going into the details about the fight, this section assumes that the player possesses an Archgun installed with both Orokin Catalyst and Gravimag, and has an Archgun Deployer equipped in their gear, as the fight requires the use of said weapon. The Archgun Deployer is sent to the player's inbox after completing Phase 3 (the previous step) for the first time.
Note that an Archgun Deployer accumulates cooldown the more ammo the Archgun is using, up to 5 minutes. However, Terra Manker may spawn throughout the fight which will drop a Heavy Ammo Pickup which will instantly restore all Archgun ammo, hence refreshing the gear's cooldown. Protea's Dispensary can prevent the deployment cooldown from occurring by refreshing the ammo while the player has the Archgun equipped, but unlike the Heavy Ammo Pickup, it cannot reset the cooldown.
Alternatively, a Necramech Summon can be deployed to bring down a Necramech, which can use Archguns with regenerative ammo while still allowing the player to use their Warframe's weapons.
Phase 1
The Profit-Taker Orb will be found wandering around three possible locations in the Vallis until it is engaged, with massive Corpus reinforcements at the ready, occasionally deploying an alert beacon to call in stronger Vallis units. A level 60 Specter of Little Duck also appears in some location, assisting the Tenno.
The player must first take down her Sentient shield, which behaves the same way as seen in the Heist's third phase. Damage and swap her weakness as necessary until her shield is completely down.
Once her shield is down, her main body can only be damaged using a Gravimag-enhanced Archgun. Call down the weapon with an Archgun Deployer and shoot down her legs, and work up to her main body. The fight will transition to the next phase when her hit points are down to 75%.
Phase 2
Profit-Taker Orb will recover and deploy 4 Pylons, which will turn the Orb invulnerable until all Pylons are destroyed. They are protected by a spherical barrier that nullifies gunfire, but can be physically passed through. The Pylon itself has Object-based health, meaning neither Critical Hits nor Status Effects will have any effect on it.
Once the Pylons are destroyed, her main body will be vulnerable to Archgun fire again. Like in the first phase of the fight, fire down her legs again and then damage her main body. The phase will transition to the next when her hit points are down to 50%.
Phase 3
This phase is mostly a repeat of the first and second phase of the fight. The Orb Mother's shielding will restore itself to full upon entering the phase, requiring the players to take down its shield again with the corresponding damage type. After her shield is stripped, take down the main body with Archgun fire down to 25% of her health. She will then deploy 6 Pylons around the area which must be destroyed to transition to the final phase.
Phase 4
As soon as the players enter the fourth phase, they will be given a timer of 5 minutes to complete the fight before her satellite shielding realigns and render her unkillable, thus failing the bounty. She will restore her shield for the final time to full, which must be taken down with the appropriate damage type. And then she must be damaged with more Archgun fire until she is defeated.
Upon defeat, the Orb will collapse to the ground and clear the bounty, yielding a sizable amount of loot: 1 Crisma Toroid, 3 Medical Debt-Bond, 2 Advances Debt-Bond, and 1 Familial Debt-Bond. Retrieve the loot and vacate the vicinity as soon as possible, as the Orb will then initiate a self-destruct protocol which will obliterate all Tenno and the loot in question within 300 meters.
Summary
Phase 1: Take down the Profit-Taker's shield with the corresponding damage type. Then damage its legs working up to her main body with an Archgun summoned down with Archgun Deployer.
Phase 2: The Profit-Taker deploys 4 Object-based Pylons which must be destroyed. Then, damage its legs and main body again with an Archgun.
Phase 3: The Orb Mother will restore its shield. Take the shield down, destroy the Orb's legs and damage its main body with an Archgun, and then destroy the 6 deployed Pylons she deploys afterwards.
Phase 4: A fail timer of 5 minutes will start ticking down and the Orb Mother will restore its shield. Take its shield down, destroy its legs and damage its main body with an Archgun until it is defeated. Retrieve the loot and escape the vicinity as soon as possible as it will self-destruct with a lethal range of 300m, annihilating any Tenno in the radius as well as the loot it dropped.
**Tips:**
Players can avoid staggers and knockdown in the fight by using a combination of knockdown immunity mods such as Sure Footed (Primed Sure Footed), Power Drift, the Motus Set, or Unairu's Poise. Alternatively, Spellbind or Fire Walker can be Helminth infused to provide knockdown and stagger resistance.
Both Spellbind and Fire Walker also provide status immunity, useful to counteract the magnetic proc from Profit-Taker's EMP Slam attack.
While Fire Walker has a higher duration than Spellbind, it is less reliable as the player has to be on the fire trail for the immunity to take effect.
Profit-Taker's attacks deal a lot of damage, so the player is advised to build around that.
To survive the attacks at all, most frames will require a combination of (Umbral Vitality) Vitality, Aerodynamic, Adaptation, (Umbral Fiber) Steel Fiber, Arcane Guardian and/or Arcane Tanker.
Even with a tanky setup, the players should avoid the laser sweep attack at all costs, as this attack can deal 6k effective health in 50 milliseconds. Avoiding the attack is as simple as making sure that you are not directly in front of the Profit-Taker.
If you can survive the attacks, some form of healing is still advised. Magus Elevate and Magus Repair are perfect tools for the job as they do not restrict the player to certain frames or weapons.
Cyte-09's Resupply packs are able to grant your weapons an additional instance of that corresponding damage type and damage the shield.
Lavos' Valence Formation can damage the shield, allowing him to swap elements when Profit-Taker changes her elemental weaknesses. Furthermore, his lack of energy means the Magnetic procs from Profit-Taker is of next to no detriment to him.
When modding weapons for multiple elements, it is advised to mod for one dual-stat and one single-stat element, where the single-stat element corresponds with the Primed elemental mod for that weapon such as Primed Cryo Rounds for primaries. Doing so balances out the elemental damage and leaves a mod slot to be used to buff the overall damage, instead of investing it in an elemental mod to create a dual stat element.
If a player is consistently facing cooldowns on their Archgun, they should consider using Ammo Chain as modding for max ammo will lower the cooldown.
Necramechs can provide quick access to a player's Archgun which can be modded to clear multiple elements on the shield phases. Since the Necramech Archgun can be modded independently of the ground Archgun, players can still use mod setups optimized for the armor phase on their ground Archgun.
The Arquebex cannot deal damage against Profit-Taker during the armor phase, but can damage the shields as normal and will easily one-shot the elements that it has covered on a full build.
Note that Necramech's Archguns cannot receive buffs from Warframes or Arcanes, making them less effective at taking out the legs and body.
Velocitus and Corvas are able to consistently take out the legs and body during the armor phase with a single charged shot for each part, without need for external buffs or Riven Mods.
Note that the Profit-Taker's mobs can be equally annoying and dangerous in the fight, so consider some form of crowd control to reduce their threat.
Taking out the Reinforcement Beacons prevents stronger mobs from showing up that could otherwise be overwhelming.
On Call Crew can be used to clear the mobs that spawn and even contribute a bit towards taking out Profit-Taker's shields.
Khora's Ensnare, Titania's Lantern, and Sevagoth's Gloom are useful at managing the swarm of Corpus mobs to allow focus on fighting the Orb Mother.
**Notes:**
Profit-Taker's drops are affected by Credit Booster, Resource Boosters and Beast Companion's Loyal Retriever/Prosperous Retriever/Resourceful Retriever.
Not only are the drops also affected by Credit Blessings, but they seem to double dip to get about 1.4x credits instead (it double dips both multiplicatively and additively with boosters, giving (2+0.25)*2*1.25 or 1.40625x credits).
Further testing needing to check if this is still true without a credit booster, including if it remains 1.40625x or if it es (1+0.25)*1.25=1.56x credits.
The Profit-Taker Orb is immune to the effects of Shield Disruption, and any armor-reducing effect (e.g. Corrosive Projection, Shattering Impact and Seeking Shuriken).
Zenith in its semi-auto mode has infinite punch-through, allowing it to destroy pylons from any point as it can pierce terrain and shield bubbles (but not the Repelling Shields), while additionally having good enough stats to damage the Profit-Taker's shield.
Fluctus also has infinite punch-through, but only has a range of 54 meters in the atmosphere, whereas pylons often land 150 meters away from the player.
To make the weapon a decent alternative to the Zenith, it can be paired with Zephyr's Jet Stream augment for Turbulence and sufficient Power Strength as this can increase the range of the projectile from 54 meters to a comfortable 160+ meters.
Unfortunately, there is a bug which makes it difficult to use in the armor phase.
For this reason, it is better to use a Necramech paired with the Velocitus to clear the armor phase as explained in one of the notes below.
Opticor (Opticor Vandal) will also pierce the shield bubbles, but not the terrain.
Battacor is useful, as it can be modded to deal up to 4 different elemental damage types combined from its primary fire (Magnetic) and alternate fire modes (Radiation).
Kuva Nukor/Tenet Detron can also cover 4 elemental damage types: their innate Radiation damage, a Magnetic progenitor bonus, and 2 modded elements of the player's choosing.
Exodia Contagion makes any Zaw very suitable for the fight as it has high damage, a perfect balance between the physical elements and will innately cover Blast.
Using Magnetic Rush, Focus Radon, Melee Exposure and Gas modding allows the projectile to deal with every combination element.
Throwing the projectile at the rear end of Profit-Taker may clear Viral as Viral damage is only dealt when its head is in the explosion radius and the head is coded to be near its rear.
The Redeemer (Redeemer Prime) is a popular and cheaper alternative to Exodia Contagion.
Currently, the strongest Archguns for the fight are the Mausolon for Warframes and the Velocitus for Necramechs.
The Mausolon features the highest DPS of rifle-like Archguns and has the best ammo economy, meaning that Ammo Chain is not necessary if paired with adequate builds and frame buffs.
The Velocitus, when fully charged and built for consistent damage output rather than average damage output, is able to consistently one-shot the legs and body in the armor phase without external buffs or Riven Mods.
This means that it can be put on a Necramech to bypass the Warframe's lengthy Archgun deployment animation and clear the armor phase faster than a Warframe could.
The Imperator Vandal and Corvas (Corvas Prime) are also viable choices.
Chroma's Effigy and its credit doubling aura can double the Credits reward when Profit Taker finally collapses, once the bounty reward has been given, as long as both her drops' location and any players are within the Effigy's radius (10m). Additionally, due to how Vex Armor works, Chroma allows the player to free one of the mod slots for their weapon (taken by mods like Serration) and put in an additional elemental mod instead.
Saryn's Toxic Lash provides Toxin damage to all her weapons, allowing her to cover all 4 single-stat elements using Primary, Secondary and Melee weapons only. Additionally, the augment Venom Dose allows her to cover Corrosive damage with all weapons.
Infusing Eclipse allows her to deal enough damage with each element to make her viable for quick runs.
Similar to Saryn, Volt can give Electricity to all his weapons using Electric Shield.
Profit-Taker Orb will randomly spawn in one of three separate locations: far southwest of the Orb Vallis, south of Asta Crater; near the lake to the northwest of Enrichment Labs and southwest of Coolant Reservoir; and the forked road to the east of Transit Depot and west of Spaceport.
As Profit-Taker is a Corpus unit, it is affected by all Corpus Faction Mods such as Bane of Corpus (Primed Bane of Corpus) and Smite Corpus (Primed Smite Corpus).
The Hystrix's switching elemental-damage Secondary Fire mechanic does not work on the Profit-Taker Orb. This is because unless modded for, the Hystrix quills do not deal elemental damage, only status procs, which the Orb is immune to.
The Paracesis at Rank 40 can cycle the Profit-Taker's shield damage just as the Operator Amps do.
The Profit-Taker's shield can take a fifth of its total Shield Value before automatically switching to another elemental weakness. At its default level of 60, one-fifth of the shield value is equal to ~162,645 shield points.
As all heist phases reward the Gyromag Systems, Atmo Systems, and Repeller Systems with the same rarity, completing phase 2 repeatedly is the quickest way to farm these items. With proper gear and the use of an Archwing with Hyperion Thrusters to get to Enrichment Labs and back, the phase can be completed in as little as 2 minutes.
If players additionally need Credits or Crisma Toroid for Vox Solaris (Syndicate) standing, they could instead repeatedly complete phase 4, which can reasonably be completed in under 4 minutes.
The drop rate for the Profit-Taker Articula appears to be about 10%, based on testing and community feedback. However, this drop rate has not been confirmed by DE.
**Trivia:**
Profit Taker's head design appears to be similar if not identical to Zanuka, Zanuka Hunter, and Lockjaw's head.
Profit Taker is voiced by Tamara Fritz, who also voices Eudico.
Shedu is the first weapon to come with two separate single-stat elements, Electricity and Heat, making it the first weapon to allow all 4 single-stat elements to be covered on a Primary, Secondary and Melee.
Since the weapon's initial release, a bug has been introduced which makes AoE damage not apply to the Profit-Taker, meaning that Electricity can no longer be covered with this weapon.

## Eidolon
Eidolons are heavily fragmented Sentients. They are typically moribund (i.e. close to death) and wander aimlessly in search of fragments to revitalize itself. The most notable examples of Eidolons are the Eidolon Teralysts that roam the Plains of Eidolon.
__toc__
History and Lore
Synopsis
The term 'Eidolon' refers to a Sentient that is on the brink of death and heavily fragmented. A Sentient may become an Eidolon when they take fatal damage, or when they are drained of life. This can be reversed if the fragments are put back together, or if the Sentient receives enough energy to revitalize itself.
Despite being splintered apart, the fragments of an Eidolon are still alive, but display a feral and simple-minded personality. Until it is reformed, a Sentient Eidolon will always display an urge to reform.
Eidolons generally have a shattered and fractured appearance, with masses of ghostly tendrils taking up the truncated stumps of its limbs. The tendrils may also be used to reattach an Eidolon's lost fragments, however they tend to grab anything that's close to them, such as a Teralyst's petrified tree, the Gantulyst's stone obelisk, or the Hydrolyst's landing strut of an ancient spacecraft to replace their missing right arm.
The Gara Legend
During The Collapse, a colossal Sentient crash-landed on Earth, where it would destroy and ravage every Orokin Tower it came across.
It would attack only at night, as daylight hurt and blinded it.
It would attempt to destroy the Tower of the Unum, but was hindered by her shields that bordered the Plains.
Gara, the closest companion of the Unum, was forbidden to attack the Sentient at night, and so would search for it during the day.
To aid in her search, the Unum and The Quills seeded Temple Kuva to the wildlife, which would connect her consciousness and allow the Unum to discover the Sentient's hiding place.
However, the Sentient captured the fauna and discovered it could use the Kuva to restore its long-lost ability to reproduce. The Sentient became reckless and wild, throwing itself at the Unum in a frenzy, forcing Gara to take decisive action. Carrying a bomb in her chest, Gara gave her life to destroy the Sentient as it descended on her mortally wounded body, detonating the bomb and scattering the Sentient's fragments and bones across the land, ending the threat to the Unum.
thumb|The Lost One seen emerging from a lake
Mask of the Revenant
Following Gara's sacrifice over the colossal Sentient, at the very site of her decisive battle which the Ostrons now call Gara Toht Lake, a Warframe known solely as the Revenant would arrive to drive away the Eidolon. It would attempt to emerge from it's watery purgatory, sending ethereal tendrils to grasp for a way out. Night after night, the Warden would strike, cutting it down and hindering its regeneration.
This trial would continue until one fateful evening, where the Warden foolishly tried to make contact with the Eidolon and was overwhelmed. Discovering that the Eidolon was using him to pull itself from the water, the Warden cast himself into the lake to anchor it to the bottom. The time spent as an "anchor" to the Sentient would infuse the Warden with its eldritch energies, becoming "the Lost One".
During the events of the quest, the Warden emerges from the the Lake, now corrupted by the Eidolon's influence. Under it's command, the Eidolon would attempt to use the Warden to rebuild itself until it was defeated by the Tenno.
thumb|171x171px|Shwaak Amp Prism - Created from the smaller fragments of a Sentient
The Plains of Eidolon
After the shattering of the colossal Sentient, the Plains of Eidolon outside Cetus became littered with its numerous fragments. It's petrified bones can be seen all throughout the Plains, while its fossilized blood can be mined as for use in fabrication. Some of the smaller, more workable pieces of the colossal Sentient are used by the The Quills to create Amps. These are distributed among the Tenno, who use them to hunt and fell the mighty Eidolon beasts.
Despite the endeavors of Gara and the Revenant, some of the Sentient's fragments still roam the bone-littered plains. The Eidolon Teralyst aimlessly trudges around, filling the air with wailing howls, desperately trying to remember being whole and complete. During nighttime, the Eidolons will energize the water, causing magnetic shocks to anything that goes into it. 
thumb|A Grineer-made Eidolon Lure
The Grineer Tusk Corps
The Grineer have dispatched the Tusk corps in an attempt to understand and harness the Eidolons, and seek to loose it against the walls of Cetus itself.
Due to the dangers the Eidolons cause, some of the Tusks may evacuate the Plains every night, resulting in less Tusks inhabiting the plains.
They perform numerous excavations and experiments, exhuming any part of the ancient Sentient, attempting to glean any valuable info into how they might control the Eidolons.
The Eidolon Lures may have been a result of such endeavors, and were created to lure in Eidolon Vomvalysts to capture and store their energy.
The New War
thumb|right|Natah as an Eidolon
After the events of The Maker, Natah became heavily fragmented and drained of energy.
Ballas tortured her, making her watch Teshin succumb to a Narmer Veil.
After presenting her weakened state to the Operator, Ballas steals her power with a kiss and opens a Void portal that drags her in.
The Operator grabs her hand but Ballas slices it off before stabbing the Operator, banishing them both.
The Origin System falls to Ballas's Narmer Empire.
Natah's severed hand would fall into Duviri, lending its remnant power to the Drifter in The Duviri Paradox.
The Drifter has somehow arrived in the Origin System and recovered the Lotus, who was now an Eidolon: a dying Sentient. The Drifter teams up with Hunhow who desires not to see his daughter being used as a puppet. They defeat 2 of Erra's Archons, and seize their Archon Shards. The Drifter then delivers them to the Lotus, partially revitalizing her.
As an Eidolon, Natah displayed an almost vacuous intellect.
After consuming one Archon Shard, she jumped at the Drifter to demand "more" before weakly slinking back into her seat in the Somatic Link.
After her second Shard, she went feral, destroying Ordis' Sentinel body and attacking and nearly killing the Drifter after disbelieving that they were a Tenno.
After, she would leave to confront Ballas aboard Praghasa before the Operator/Drifter could give her the third shard which would end up consumed by Ballas.
Later, when the Operator/Drifter gets the jump on Ballas and forces a Narmer Veil on him, thus causing him to see Natah as Margulis in an illusion, Natah would take advantage of Ballas' delusion, stealing his power and life-force with a kiss, killing him and transforming her into Radiant Lotus.
The Duviri Paradox
thumb|right|Natah's severed hand
thumb|right|Drifter's arm after Natah's hand fuses to it
After Natah's severed hand plummets into Duviri, it uses its tendrils to fuse itself to the Drifter's right forearm, replacing their hand. This causes the Drifter's forearm to take on a Sentient appearance, while the remnants of their old hand can be seen surrounding the Eidolon hand.
The hand can be used to spawn a guiding mote of light that guides the Drifter to the nearest objective.
Despite this seemingly permanent alteration, the hand only appears in Duviri.
Tech and Weaponry
right|207x207px
Weapons that have been created from Sentient Eidolons share the same aspects as normal Sentient tech, with the use of organic curves and symmetry. However, Eidolon tech displays muted and darker colors, and the appearance of ghastly, ethereal tendrils.
Eidolon weapons have mainly been used by the Tenno, and mainly consist of simple forms hiding surprising amounts of destructive power. These include weapons such as a Phantasma, a Tatsu, and even an Nataruk, granted to the Tenno by Hunhow himself.
Known Eidolons
The Eidolon Teralysts are simple-minded, spectral fragments of a giant, shattered Sentient. These still-living fragments now roam the Plains of Eidolon at night.
The Teralyst is the first-tier bipedal Eidolon boss found roaming at nighttime.
The Gantulyst is the second-tier bipedal Eidolon boss that is significantly larger and more mobile than the Teralyst.
The Hydrolyst is the third-tier bipedal Eidolon boss. The largest of the trio, it is capable of channeling thunderstorms.
Vomvalysts are small, hovering Eidolons that roam the Plains of Eidolon that transform into spectral beings after sustaining enough damage, making them immune to all forms of attack, the Operator Void Beam being an exception.
**Trivia:**
Though not referred to as an Eidolon in-game, both the community and developers often refer to the Ropalolyst as "Flydolon" or "flying Eidolon" ever since Devstream 100. However, its location then was moved to Jupiter. The boss fight shares a lot of similarities with the Eidolons fights, such as the Synovia weak points and shields which can be depleted using the Operator's Void Beam.
The Eidolon Phylaxis description reveals that Sentients are immune to the Infestation.
Interestingly, Eidolons are also possessing spirits in Greek mythology, and they could control mortals and monsters alike. Perhaps the Eidolon Vomvalyst's spectral form could be a reference to the spirit form of Greek Eidolons
Eidolons (and the Ropalolyst) feature weak points called Synovia. In real life, synovial joints are joints in the body filled with synovial fluid, such as the knees, wrists, and elbows.

# Wiki — Companion Types
Detailed guides for companion types from the Warframe wiki: Kubrow, Kavat, and Sentinel.

## Kubrow
Kubrows are terrain-restricted melee canine companions.
Kubrows behave similarly to NPC allies (i.e. specters) as they will stay within close proximity of the player while fighting alongside them and will enter bleedout states when they are downed, from which they can be revived.
Incubated Kubrows have variable permanent traits such as species, height, and eye color, as well as customizable features like fur color and fur pattern.
There are currently 6 species of ownable Kubrows, each with different stats and abilities.
Lore
right|175px
The Kubrow are a canine-like egg-laying species that originally served as companions and pets for the Orokin, and later as attack and guard animals for the Orokin elite.
After the downfall of the Orokin, surviving Kubrow on Earth became feral with only the most aggressive and ferocious surviving. Recent DNA-altering technologies have been unearthed that can allow them to once again be domesticated, to become loyal and protective companions to their new owner. This process however leaves the domesticated animals riddled with degenerative defects that are constantly repaired, however, they are intelligent and highly social, when domesticated.
For the Tenno, a Kubrow can be a powerful and loyal ally; however, they are limited to melee attacks.
Types
intro
intro
intro
intro
intro
intro
intro
intro
intro
**Acquisition:**
To begin, all Kubrows will first need a Companion Slot (which can be bought for 12 for 2 slots) to grow and mature before being usable in missions and will permanently occupy one Companion Slot. In the event that a player wishes to permanently remove a Kubrow from their possession, such as due to the lack of vacant Companion Slots, the Kubrow can be consigned to the Lotus for 25,000, freeing up their Companion Slot.
Incubation
The Huras Kubrow, Raksa Kubrow, Sahasa Kubrow, Sunika Kubrow, and Chesa Kubrow are acquired through Incubation. The process to breed a Kubrow is shown during the Howl of the Kubrow quest: the player must have a working Incubator segment, a Kubrow Egg, and an Incubator Power Core.
Once the player is able to meet the necessary requirements to begin incubation, the player is offered a choice between a random incubation or the use of Genetic Code Templates.
Random
As the name implies, a Random incubation offers no guarantees on the resulting Kubrow's variant, height, gender, color, or fur pattern.
Genetic Code Template
An incubation utilizing Genetic Code Templates offers a much higher probability of the traits imprinted on the Template to be present in the resulting Kubrow, however, this is still not guaranteed, and certain Kubrow traits are not even imprinted on the Template in the first place. See the Genetic Code Template article for more information about the transferal of traits from one Kubrow to another when starting this type of incubation.
Drain Cyst
Additionally, when a player has a fully matured Helminth Cyst, there will be an option to drain cyst which will guarantee a Helminth Charger. The drained cyst will eventually regrow.
Regardless of the type of incubation, once the process is started, it will require 48 hours (24 hours with an Incubator Upgrade Segment) to complete. This stage may, however, be rushed for 15.
Maturity
When the incubation process completes, either naturally or by rushing, the player will be able to name their new Kubrow for free. Subsequent renaming is possible for 15. Once named, the Kubrow will stay in puppy form as long as the players does not manually mature it. In order to take it out on missions, players must manually mature it in the incubator, which is instantaneous.
Genetic Age Regressing
Players can regress the age of their Kubrows back to their infant forms through the incubator. In their infant forms, they cannot be brought into missions to be used for combat or utility. Installed mods, Formas, and Orokin Reactors will still be intact if the player chooses to mature their Kubrows again.
Predasite
Vizier Predasite, Pharaoh Predasite, and Medjay Predasite are modular companions created through a process called Revivification with Son, using Mutagens and Antigens purchased from him along with finding wild Predasite in Cambion Drift, Deimos via Conservation that have been weakened by hostile Infested.
Beast Claws
All Kubrows have a moddable weapon, Beast Claws, which can equip Beast Claw Mods. The name is specific to the Kubrow type, for example a Huras Kubrow's weapon is called Huras Claws.
This weapon does not take up Companion slots unlike Robotic Weapons, have pre-installed Orokin Catalysts, have a "Posture Mod" slot similar to Aura and Stance Mods that affect their behavior while increasing mod capacity, do not contribute to Mastery Rank, and cannot generate an associated Riven Mod.
**Notes:**
Physical appearance (size, fur pattern, and coloration) has no impact on a Kubrow's stats.
Incubation takes 48 hours to complete, unless the player owns an Incubator Upgrade Segment, which lowers the incubation time to one day. This can be rushed with 15.
Players can choose to keep their Kubrow in puppy form indefinitely or to mature them for combat upon hatching. Players will have to mature their first Kubrow manually to finish the Howl of the Kubrow Quest and begin the mission for the collar.
It is only necessary to obtain the collar once. After the defense task during the Howl of the Kubrow Quest for your first Kubrow, you will always have a collar for any additional Kubrow you nurture, without having to embark on another set of defense waves.
Only 2 imprints can be made per Kubrow.
A Kubrow cannot be used while imprinting. Imprinting takes 1.5 hours, but can be rushed with 10. While imprinting, there is no way you can cancel the process.
Kubrow benefit from the Rejuvenation mod's healing aura.
They also can pick up Health orbs to replenish health.
Health Restores and Squad Health Restores do not revive Kubrow.
Kubrows are affected by Oberon's Renewal.
Kubrow, like their Feral kindred, are normally passive towards their masters' enemies and will only attack when their masters attack or are struck.
Once there are no enemies nearby, their aggressive state lasts roughly 5 seconds before returning to their passive state.
When breeding, the dominant trait takes over. Even with two imprints you do not have a 100% success rate of getting the same exact Kubrow. Sex and height have the highest chances of being completely different.
A Kubrow's eyes and energy color share the same color.
Currently, there is no option to change a Kubrow's energy color.
A Kubrow can be Mind Controlled by a Nyx under the effects of a Radiation proc. The duration of the Mind Control is tied to the duration of the Radiation proc, but the controlled Kubrow will exclusively attack its owner and no other allies.
An active Kubrow can be removed from your inventory permanently by clicking "consign to the Lotus" and paying 25,000. If the consign button is unresponsive, check if you have a genetic template waiting to be claimed - the "consign to the Lotus" button will appear to do nothing when clicked on if a genetic template is awaiting collection, but no error messages are displayed to indicate why.
Before Update 28, it was possible to put Kubrows/Kavats into Stasis to avoid DNA and Loyalty degradation, and they used Stasis slots instead of Companion ones. This is no longer the case.
Kubrows sometimes play around with Roller Floofs.
**Trivia:**
Cuberow is an alternative English name for the Ethiopian wolf deriving from the Amharic name, ቀይ ቀበሮ ("ky kebero", literally, "red jackal").
The name of each breed of Kubrow is derived from Sanskrit, which is usually relevant to the breed's specialty;
Huras (हुरस्) translates to "Stalk."
Raksa (रक्षा) can translate to "Protect."
Sahasa (साहस) can translate to "Ferocity."
Sunika (सूनिक) can translate to "Unleashed."
Chesa (चेस) can translate to "Neutralize."
It can be assumed that Kubrow pets are hatched from genetically modified feral Kubrow eggs.
Though we never see the genetic manipulation of the egg, it would be impossible to simply have a modern feral Kubrow egg hatch into variants of Orokin Kubrow without some sort of genetic template to reverse the evolution.
An Orokin Kubrow contained in a stasis cell found in the Clan Dojo's Orokin Lab could explain where the genetic templates were produced from.
This could also explain the reasoning behind the DNA degradation.
Although Kubrow have a gender of male or female, and the process in the UI is labeled as "breeding", Tenno are currently not able to actually breed their Kubrow or create eggs on their own.
Many of the first batch of Kubrow who matured after Update 14's release were inadvertently killed permanently due to a bug during the quest to obtain their collar.
In the notes for the hotfix which fixed the bug, DERebecca posted, "501 of the first cloned Kubrow have been lost, but never forgotten.
20/07/2014." Those who lost a Kubrow from the bug received the Kubrow Start Kit, a full set of Kubrow Mods, a new Kubrow Egg, a Kubrow Incubator, Kubrow Food, a Kubrow Stasis Slot, a Kubrow blank Trait Print and 10 x Kubrow Mods.
Kubrow Food was a feature for kubrows but was removed from the game which was replaced by the DNA stabilisers, which have also been removed from the game, as well as the Kubrow slots; Kubrows now use companion slots
Ordis has a particular distaste for Kubrows, frequently expressing it before correcting himself.
There is speculation that the Kubrow nose is an Easter egg due to its resemblance to a cat's head (this holds true across all breeds, including Feral Kubrow and Drahk). Though the width and height may change, the shape and details stay the same, regardless of the multitude of other differences between Kubrow breeds.
It used to be possible to revive Kubrows by picking up health orbs due to a bug.
The Challenge "Tenno and Hooch" is a reference to the 1989 Tom Hanks movie "Turner and Hooch". This might also explain some of Ordis's objections to the creatures.

## Kavat
Kavats are terrain-restricted melee feline companions similar to Kubrows. They also have different breeds, color palettes, and patterns. There are currently 3 types of Kavats.
Lore
Kavats normally live in Infested areas and feed on the Infestation. Feral Kavats are naturally invisible and are not hostile to players unless they are scanned.
Due to their anti-Infested potential, the Grineer have domesticated Kavats for use in clearing out the Infestation from their ships. Kavat handlers, known as Hyekka Masters, are equipped with advanced sensors to detect Kavats, which can also detect invisible players, serving as an additional stealth hazard in Grineer missions.
Types
intro
intro
intro
Khora's ferocious Kavat, Venari, fights alongside her with steadfast zeal. Venari is an exclusive Companion for the Khora Warframe, integrated as her signature passive ability. Venari will spawn beside Khora when the player first enters a mission, as a permanent companion that lasts until killed.
While Venari is alive, Khora passively gains a movement speed boost. If Venari is killed, she will respawn beside Khora after 45 seconds, or instantly if summoned via the third ability for an energy cost. Both passive features are tied to Khora's Venari ability allowing her to be modified.
intro
intro
intro
**Acquisition:**
To begin, all Kavats will first need a Companion Slot (which can be bought for 12 for 2 slots) to grow and mature before being usable in missions and will permanently occupy one Companion Slot. In the event that a player wishes to permanently remove a Kavat from their possession, such as due to the lack of vacant Companion Slots, the Kavat can be consigned to the Lotus for 25,000, freeing up their Companion Slot.
Incubation
The Adarza Kavat and Smeeta Kavat are acquired through Incubation.
Kavats are bred using the Orbiter's Incubator obtained during the Howl of the Kubrow quest, which must first be upgraded with a Kavat Incubator Upgrade Segment whose blueprint can be obtained from the Clan Dojo's Tenno Lab research or dropped by Hyekka Masters, or purchased fully built from the Market for 175.
The blueprint assembly for the Upgrade Segment costs 10 Kavat Genetic Codes, which are obtained by scanning Feral Kavats with a Codex Scanner or Synthesis Scanner.
Once installed, each breeding attempt requires 10 Kavat Genetic Codes and a built Incubator Power Core whose blueprint is available from the Market.
Once the player meets the necessary requirements to begin breeding, the incubator offers a choice between a Random incubation or the use of Genetic Code Templates.
Random
As the name implies, a Random incubation offers no guarantees on the resulting Kavat's Variant, head, tail, sex, color, or fur pattern.
Genetic Code Template
An incubation utilizing Genetic Code Templates offers a much higher probability of the traits imprinted on the Template to be present in the resulting Kavat, however, this is still not guaranteed, and certain Kavat traits are not even imprinted on the Template in the first place. See the Genetic Code Template article for more information about the transferral of traits from one Kavat to another when starting this type of incubation.
Regardless of the type of incubation, once the process is started, it will require 48 hours (24 hours with an Incubator Upgrade Segment) to complete. This stage may, however, be rushed for 15.
Maturity
When the incubation process completes, either naturally or by rushing, the player will be able to name their new Kavat for free, subsequent renaming is possible for 15. The named but non-mature Kavat can be kept for as long as the player wants, and will walk around the Orbiter; however, to be usable in missions, it must be matured, which is instantaneous.
Genetic Age Regressing
Players can regress the age of their Kavats back to their infant forms through the incubator. In their baby forms, they cannot be brought into missions to be used for combat or utility. Installed mods, Formas, and Orokin Reactors will still be intact if the player chooses to mature their Kavats again.
Venari
Venari/Venari Prime is Khora/Khora Prime's companion that functions as her passive and third ability, and will always appear next to her. Venari cannot be separated from Khora.
Vasca Kavat
The Vasca Kavat is a Kavat that have been infected by the Vasca Virus that appears at nighttime in the Plains of Eidolon. When a player brings their Kavat to the wild Vasca and is attacked by them, it will become infected, indicated by a red overlay. The player must then take their infected Kavat back to the Orbiter's Incubator and use a Genetic Code Template on them, acquiring a Vasca Imprint while also removing the virus. Two Vasca Imprints are needed to guarantee a Vasca Kavat.
Note that breeding a domesticated Vasca Kavat still requires one Incubator Power Core and ten Kavat Genetic Codes.
Vulpaphyla
Sly Vulpaphyla, Crescent Vulpaphyla, and Panzer Vulpaphyla are modular companions created through a process called Revivification with Son, using Mutagens and Antigens purchased from him along with finding wild Vulpaphyla in Cambion Drift, Deimos via Conservation that have been weakened by hostile Infested.
Beast Claws
All Kavats have a moddable weapon, Beast Claws, which can equip Beast Claws Mods. The name is specific to the Kavat type, for example a Adarza Kavat's weapon is called Adarza Claws.
This weapon does not take up Companion slots unlike Robotic Weapons, have pre-installed Orokin Catalysts, have a "Posture Mod" slot similar to Aura and Stance Mods that affect their behavior while increasing mod capacity, do not contribute to Mastery Rank, and cannot generate an associated Riven Mod.
_mMntQe1YRQ
**Trivia:**
Kavats are referred to as "Catbrow" in the game files, a portmanteau of "cat" and "Kubrow."
The name of at least one breed of Kavat is derived from Sanskrit, which seems relevant to the breed's specialty;
Adarza (आदर्श) can translate to "mirror" and "act of perceiving by the eyes"
While Incubating, when the Kavat shows up in kitten form, you can pet your Kavat by pressing your interact button when standing in front of the Incubator.
Despite technically being considered Kavats, Vulpaphylas have more in common appearance-wise with foxes, which in real life are part of the canidae (dog) family and not the felidae (cat) family of animals. This is furthered by their name, which is taken from the Latin word and genus "vulpes," meaning fox, and the plural form of phylum "phyla," the taxonomic rank below kingdom.
24.1.1

## Sentinel
Cosmetics
Sentinels Fragment
Not to be confused with Sentient.
Sentinels are hovering companions that follow their Tenno masters around and assist in various ways, dependent on the precepts used to program them. It is possible to program sentinels with precepts, or skill mods, that can turn a sentinel into an attack drone or a support drone. Sentinels can also accommodate their own unique stat-increasing Mods, similar to Warframe mods.
thumb|100px|left|Carrier
Sentinels, like Weapons and Warframes, level up with Affinity. They have health, shields, armor, a personal weapon, and energy reserves. They can be targeted separately from their Tenno master and do not go into bleedout; they will immediately explode and automatically revive after 60s, modified by Mods such as Regen (Or Reawaken for Djinn) and Sacrifice. Enemies tend to target a Warframe first, but may target the sentinel if it acquires threat.
Each Sentinel comes with a unique weapon, taking up a total of two Robotic slots, which are independent from Warframe and Weapon slots and shared with Robotic weapons and MOA Companions. An additional pair of slots costs 12 to purchase. All Sentinels will come with two mods specific to their type. Sentinels have four Penjaga Polarity slots, an Orokin Reactor upgrade slot, and can be Polarized with a Forma.
Currently, all Sentinels may be acquired and equipped regardless of Mastery Rank.
**Acquisition:**
The blueprint for Taxon is awarded for completing the Earth to Venus Junction. Additional copies can be purchased from the Market for 5,000.
The blueprints for Carrier, Dethcube, Diriga, Shade, and Wyrm can be purchased from the Market for 100,000.
The blueprints for Djinn and Helios can be Researched from the Bio Lab and Energy Lab respectively in the Clan Dojo.
The blueprint for Oxylus can be purchased from the The Business on Fortuna for 20,000 Standing after reaching Rank 5 - Old Mate with Solaris United.
A built Prisma Shade can be purchased from Baro Ki'Teer for 300,000 and 500. Note that Baro Ki'Teer's stock changes with each appearance, and this weapon may not be available on a succeeding appearance. It can be traded, but only for unranked copies without Forma or Orokin Reactor installed.
The components and blueprints for Nautilus are obtained from Points of Interest and Arva Vector Defense from Rotation B+C in Neptune Proxima missions, or through Trading between other players.
The components and blueprints for Carrier Prime, Dethcube Prime, Helios Prime, Nautilus Prime, Shade Prime, and Wyrm Prime are obtained through Void Relics, their respective Prime Access packages, or through Trading between other players.
Note that acquiring a Sentinel require two open Companion Slots: one for the Sentinel itself and one for the Robotic Weapon they come with.
Robotic Weapons
Sentinels can equip other Sentinels' weapons (with the exception of Helios/Helios Prime's Deconstructor/Deconstructor Prime, which can only be equipped on Helios, though Helios can freely use other weapons) provided additional weapons are available.
However, the only way to get another sentinel's weapon is to craft that particular sentinel to retrieve their specific weapon.
All sentinels do not attack by default unless they possess an attacking precept such as Assault Mode.
Players may also opt to unequip a Robotic weapon altogether if attacking enemies will be detrimental to the given mission.
Though Robotic weapons can be sold independent of their parent Sentinel, the player cannot sell their last Robotic weapon.
Sentinels also share Robotic weapons with MOAs. Even though most Robotic weapons are acquired by building a Sentinel, Legs in Fortuna sells blueprints for the Robotic weapons Cryotra, Tazicor, Vulcax, and Helstrum, which are not attached to a Sentinel and can be used by both Sentinels and MOA Companions. The Hound weapons Akaten, Batoten, and Lacerten can not be used by Sentinels.
All Robotic weapons can use normal weapon mods, provided the mod is compatible with the Robotic weapon in question (e.g. the Diriga's Vulklok can use Sniper Mods along with Rifle Mods, but the Dethcube's Deth Machine Rifle can only use Rifle mods).
Most mods work as normal, including mods that affect Fire Rate, base damage, Multishot, Critical Hits, Elemental Damage, Magazine Size, Reload Speed and Status Chance.
Mods that affect Ammo Maximum have no effect on Robotic weapon because they already have unlimited ammo reserves.
A weapon mod can be used in both a player's active weapon and their sentinel's active weapon. For example the Sweeper can use the same copy of Point Blank equipped on a Hek.
Robotic weapons do not possess an Exilus slot and cannot equip Arcane Enhancements.
Sentinel Mods
150px|right
Aside from the pool of mods shared between all Sentinels, there are at least two exclusive Sentinel Mods for each Sentinel (including any available variants) that modifies its behavior during combat. Typically, these are obtained as soon as the player claims them from the Foundry, though some of them can drop from enemies, and others can be found from other sources.
Mod Priority
As with all Companions, Precept mods will have different priorities in which they are used, based on which slot they equipped in; the top left mod slot has the highest priority and will be used most often, while the bottom right mod slot has the lowest priority and will be used least often. Managing these mods is key to get the most out of your Sentinel.
none|thumb|627x627px|Highest priority at top-left, lowest priority at bottom-right.
Sentinel Stat Comparison
Base Stats=Effective Health (EHP) calculated as
and does not account for damage type.
Range refers to the attack range of that Sentinel's specific targeting precept.
Comparison to Other Companions
Advantages:
Easy to acquire — requires only blueprints and resources to build.
Can engage enemies at range.
Can instantly recharge its owner's shields when depleted.
Can be equipped with different weapons.
Tethered to the player, keeping it from getting caught up on terrain or engaging in combat unrelated to their owner.
Wider array of crowd-control options.
Weapon can apply status effects more consistently.
Can use robotic-exclusive mods like Odomedic.
Disadvantages:
Comparatively fragile in combat.
Lower maximum shields overall.
Lower maximum health.
Cannot use Link Vitality, Link Redirection, or Link Fiber.
On Incapacitation, the Sentinel will float beside their owner in a damaged state and cannot be manually revived.
Requires the Assault Mode mod in order to attack, whereas other Companions will automatically attack without any associated mod.
Consumes 2 inventory slots when retrieved from the Foundry, one for the Sentinel and one for its weapon.
Are always within range of Electricity status effects on the player, chaining to them and often dealing heavy damage to their fragile frames.
**Notes:**
Whenever a Sentinel kills an enemy, the player only receives Warframe Affinity from the kill. Even if the player assisted in the kill, no weapon experience is awarded. Any experience gained through Affinity Orbs will be shared across all equipment.
While using Nyx's Mind Control ability, your sentinel may periodically fire a bullet at your controlled foe.
If a player remains idle for an extended period of time, a Sentinel will "disable," stopping its idle animation and causing it to not fire or use abilities, presumably to prevent players from idling. They can be re-enabled by moving several meters.
**Tips:**
Because of the aforementioned Priority system, it may be wise to equip utility-based Precept mods (be it Sentinel-specific or general Sentinel mods) at higher priorities over attack Precept mods, so Sentinels can assist players immediately when the situation calls for it.
Coolant Leak, Regen, Sanctuary, and Animal Instinct can be placed in any mod slot as their effects are inherently passive, thus they are not affected by Priority nor do they interfere with it. The same applies to mods that affect a Sentinel's stats directly.
**Trivia:**
Interestingly, the data Fragments that players can scan on Mars seem to suggest that most of the early Sentinels were perhaps an offshoot of the Sentients that were (fortunately) non-aggressive upon their discovery, and were subsequently used to assist the Tenno during missions. This is reflected in how most Sentinels, particularly those of Tenno origin, tend to be more organic in appearance compared to those built by other factions (such as the Grineer-built Diriga).
vhYcXr8ZnI4

# Wiki — Modular Equipment
Modular weapon and vehicle systems from the Warframe wiki: Amps, Zaws, Kitguns, K-Drives, and Necramechs.

## Amp
Part nicknames are community-made terms for ease of referencing. For example, players may say "177" to refer to an Amp that is made of Raplak Prism, Propa Scaffold, and Certus Brace.
Amps Fragment
For Octavia's ability, see Amp (Ability).
Amps are special modular weapons used by Tenno Operators to enhance their combat capability, which can be acquired from The Quills and Vox Solaris. Appearing as a gauntlet worn on their right forearms, these Amps improve and alter the Operator's Void Beam, while also giving them their own separate energy gauge from the Operator's main Void Energy pool, allowing them to fire their Void energy without hindering the effectiveness of their other abilities.
Amps are formed from three components. These interchangeable parts can be mixed and matched before crafting to provide different stats and abilities, allowing a player to create an Amp with the features they desire. Once gilded, they can also name the Amp they have crafted and choose custom colors for a further level of customization.
Upon initiating with The Quills Syndicate for the first time in Cetus, the player will immediately obtain their first starting amp, Mote Amp. The weapon can be re-acquired if necessary by purchasing their blueprint for 500 Standing and crafting it. Further amps can be acquired by crafting them from components acquired from The Quills and Vox Solaris
Components and Names
See Also: Weapon Comparison/Amp
In the community, Amps are often referred to as a string of three "series" numbers (e.g. 761 or 77X), a "series" simply referring to the order in which the components are unlocked when ranking up in the Quills and Vox Solaris syndicates. These numbers are set by the community and do not actually exist in-game nor do they reflect upon the performance of the components (e.g. series 7 components are not necessarily better than series 1 components).
These "series" numbers are reflected in the table above, in the leftmost column, which also includes a 'legacy' naming convention where (C)etus or (F)ortuna would be prepended to the number (e.g. a 761 Amp using 'Legacy' conventions would be a F3F2C1.)
Each number refers to a component and corresponding series: the first number in the sequence refers to the Prism of the series, the second number refers to the Scaffold of the series, and the last number refers to the Brace of the series. An "X" in place of a number simply means any series number can be used for that component.
For example, a 761 Amp corresponds to an Amp that uses the Klamora Prism - Dissic Scaffold - Clapkra Brace. And a 77X Amp corresponds to an Amp that uses the Klamora Prism - Propa Scaffold - any Brace.
Crafting
Components
Missing iOS controls
An amp consists of three components: the Prism, the Scaffold, and the Brace. The prism determines the main firing mode of the amp, the scaffold determines the alternative fire (alt-fire), and the brace modifies certain stats. Since amps are a modular weapon, each part can be mixed with each other as desired.
Note: A good way of remembering what each part does is: Prism = Primary, Scaffold = Secondary, Brace = Buff / Boost
Prism combinations are often referred to by numbers in the community, these numbers do not have any correlation with performance, for further info see Notes.
Prisms affect the Void Beam's primary fire mode, thus changing the type of shot fired from the traditional straight stream of energy. These are the components that earn Mastery Rank points for the amp. It also determines what picture is shown in the arsenal.
Scaffolds affect the Void Beam's secondary fire mode (default Mouse 3 or right thumb stick on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch).
Braces provide other miscellaneous enhancements upon both the Prism and the Scaffold.
Assembly
thumb|300px|The Amp Assembly screen showing a custom amp.
Before players can craft an Amp, they must first purchase the blueprints for the parts they desire from either Quill Onkko or Little Duck for a number of Standing, after which these parts must be constructed at the Foundry.
Once the component parts have been crafted, players must return to either Onkko or Little Duck and select the Amp Assembly option.
Here, players must choose the crafted components they have available to form the weapon.
Once a Prism, Scaffold and Brace are selected, the player will be shown a preview of the weapon's appearance, along with their stats.
If the weapon is satisfactory, players can then proceed with the Build Amp action, which will instantly craft the weapon for a 4,000 fee.
Players can also use the Amp Assembly screen to preview builds of Amp components they do not yet own.
While Onkko and Little Duck sell their own unique Amp components, it is possible to build Amps using components from either of their designs, e.g. a player can build an Amp that combines a Raplak Prism with a Certus Brace.
Once built, an Amp cannot be disassembled to return its components parts.
Amps are managed on the Operator's Equipment tab on board the Orbiter's Transference Room, where players can choose the Amp they want to equip from their available selection, as well as customize their Amp's appearance, and install Arcanes and Focus Lenses.
A newly built Amp cannot be renamed, customized, equipped with a Focus Lens, or earn Mastery Rank experience. In order to unlock these options, an Amp must be gilded first.
Gilding
thumb|200px|A freshly built Amp (above), and the same Amp after gilding (below).
Gilding is the process wherein an Amp's full potential is unlocked. To Gild a weapon, players can visit Onkko or Little Duck and ask about 'Other Services', and then using the Gild option and finally selecting the desired Amp. Players will then be asked to give the Amp a custom name, after which the Gilding process can be performed for 5,000 Standing.
Note that depending on the choice where the Amp is being gilded, the Standing will be subtracted from the according Syndicate. It is also possible to gild an Amp that has been assembled somewhere else.
Players must have either Adherent rank to perform Gilding with Onkko or Hand rank with Vox Solaris to perform Gilding with Little Duck, and only Rank 30 Amps can be gilded. Gilding resets the weapon to rank 0, but grants the ability to earn Mastery Rank points, install a Focus Lens and Amp Arcane Enhancements, and recolor the Amp.
Visually, a gilded amp will appear cleaner than a newly-built one, having smoother surfaces, rust and dirt removed, and the once yellow parts becoming lustrous.
**Notes:**
Amps have to be gilded to earn Mastery Rank points, with their progression tied to the weapon's Prism alone. For example, if a player levels up a Gilded Amp crafted with the Raplak Prism to 30, any future Amps forged using the Raplak Prism will no longer provide Mastery regardless of what combination of Scaffolds and Braces they have.
As there are seven Prisms plus the Mote Amp and Sirocco currently available, the maximum amount of Mastery Rank points that can be earned from Amp crafting is 27,000.
Equipping an Amp will change both the Operator's idle stance and their Void Beam firing stance while in a mission.
Amps are one-handed weapons, meaning Operators can use them while carrying power cells or datamasses.
With each component having 7 parts each, there are currently 343 possible Amp configurations that can be crafted.
Rank 30 or Gilded Amps can be donated to Onkko in exchange for Quill Standing or Little Duck for Vox Solaris Standing. As an exception to this, the Mote Amp cannot be sold.
Amps cannot be brought to the Mastery Rank 24 Rank-Up Test, which involves the Operator.
Custom names for Amps have a 24 character limit including spaces, and will not accept special characters like commas (,) or apostrophes ('), though hyphens ( - ), periods (. ) and numbers are accepted.
Names can also not include any profanities such as swear words.
Amps have their own dedicated Inventory Slots that they take up when a player crafts one. Players are given 8 slots by default, and additional slots can be purchased for 12 for two slots.
Despite the fact that the Amp gives the Void Beam its own energy supply, removing the Amp (selecting "None" in the Amp selection menu) does not revert the energy pool back to its universal state.
All Amps possess two Arcane Enhancement slots, the second of which must be unlocked with an Amp Arcane Adapter from Cavalero of The Holdfasts. The second slot will only appear after the player has completed Angels of the Zariman.
All Amps equipped by the Drifter use the Sirocco model, even if the skin itself is not equipped. This is an entirely visual change however, as the handgun will behave as the currently equipped Amp would on the Operator.
Damage versus Eidolon Shields
Look into to see if we can update the DR calculation on Eidolons
Eidolons' shields are only vulnerable to Void damage, making Amps the main way to deal any damage to them.
Despite shields usually not applying damage reduction, Eidolon's shields reduce damage down to 1/25 of the original damage of the amp.
After this damage reduction is applied, a flat damage bonus is added on top, with this bonus scaling inversely with the amp's fire rate.
This flat damage bonus is not affected by any form of damage buff, including Void Strike, Unairu Wisp, and critical hit damage.
As of currently, damage dealt by amps is calculated in the following way:
Amp Damage vs Eidolons = (Theoretical Damage x 0.04) + (108 / Fire Rate)
Amp Crit-Damage vs Eidolons = (Theoretical Damage x 2 x Crit Multiplier x 0.04) + (108 / Fire Rate)
Where Theoretical Damage is the amp's listed damage multiplied by any damage buffs, such as Void Strike and Unairu Wisp.
As shown in the equation, an amp's effective critical multiplier against Eidolons is double the value displayed in the arsenal, making crit focused amps highly favorable for creating a high DPS amp.
It's important to note that the damage dealt per shot is inversely-proportional to the amp's firerate, which explains why Virtuos Tempo (+60% fire rate on kill) causes an amp's damage per shot to be reduced while it is active. However, the fire rate increase more than makes up for the damage lost per shot, giving a net increase in DPS.
A few amp types seem to apply the flat damage bonus (the part affected by fire rate) in a manner that is inconsistent with the above formulae. Currently, the amps known to have this inconsistency are the Granmu and Cantic prisms, and the Exard scaffold.
Granmu and Exard yield correct damage values when their fire rate is set to 1 in the equations above, instead of using their listed fire rates. Cantic uses a fire rate of approximately 2.65.
Here are some example calculations for finding an amp's damage against Eidolons using the Raplak prism, which has 3000 base damage, 2 fire rate, and a 2.6 crit multiplier:
Shooting at an Eidolon while having no buffs active will yield: (3000 x 0.04) + (108 / 2) = 174 damage on a normal hit.
A critical hit will yield: (3000 x 2 x 2.6 x 0.04) + (108 / 2) = 678 damage.
A critical hit with a Void Strike damage multiplier of 5 and with Virtuos Strike (+60% critical damage) active will yield: (3000 x 5 x 2 x 2.6 x 1.6 x 0.04) + (108 / 2) = 5046 damage
The prism for an amp will appear to be folded under the arm until used in a mission, at which point the prism folds out to appear in front of the hand.
The prism will retract if the player equips their codex scanner while still using their Operator.
Amp technology is based on Sentients, specifically Eidolon, whose fragments can be found and gathered in the Plains of Eidolon.
This may seem somewhat ironic since Amps are used to channel Void energy which is effectively a poison to the Sentients.
However, it can be easily explained by the fact that Sentients are designed to be weak to the void.
They may not have body material that is damaged, but rather the organisation of complex systems may be vulnerable. (Similar to the circuits of a computer being highly conductive to electricity, which makes the computer susceptible to E.M.P. bursts, even though the copper wiring is undamaged.

Amp Builder by Semlar
25.5.1

## Zaw
Include blocking angle and follow through stats
Hok
Zaws are modular melee weapons created and assembled at Hok's Anvil in Cetus.
Unlike traditional weapons, Zaws utilize a modular components system with interchangeable parts when crafting.
Different parts grant different stats and abilities when used in crafting a Zaw, and players are able to mix and match different combinations of parts, resulting in a much wider variety of base stat customization for the weapons.
Players are also free to give Zaws a name of their choice to further enhance customization.
Components
A Zaw consists of three different components: the Strike, the Grip, and the Link. Each component is centered around a particular aspect of the weapon, and these components can each have various parts to choose from, which changes the type of functionality that the component provides.
Strikes
Strikes are the head of the weapon, which determines the weapon's damage distribution, critical chance, critical damage and status; while also altering the final base speed of the Zaw. These are the components that earn Mastery Rank points for the weapon. It also determines what picture is shown in the arsenal. Each Strike can give two types of weapon depending on the Grip used (one-handed or two-handed). Weapon type determines the polarity of the Stance slot.
Grip
Grips refer to the weapon's handle, which will determine the weapon's base attack speed, overall base damage (damage distribution will retain the ratio from the Strike) and the type of weapon that will be built (one-handed or two-handed).
Links
Links are the various weights and decorations attached to the hilt of the weapon's handle, which grant a variety of stat bonuses to the weapon with corresponding penalties.
The names of the Links are indicative of the stats they change, and the degree to which they change said stats.
Ruhang links increase damage at the cost of attack speed.
Jai Links increase attack speed at the cost of damage.
Vargeet increases critical chance at the cost of status chance.
Ekwana increases status chance at the cost of critical chance.
The premade combinations of Link types determine the bonus and penalties they provide.
Example: The Vargeet Ruhang combines the Vargeet and Ruhang links, leading to an increase in damage and critical chance at the cost of attack speed and status chance.
Numbers in the name indicate how many of a particular link is present, showing an increase in that Link's particular stat. The number will appear after the name of the link it refers to.
Example: The Vargeet II Ruhang has 2 Vargeet links, meaning that it offers greater critical chance bonus for a greater status chance penalty. On the other hand, the Vargeet Ruhang II has 2 Ruhang links, meaning it offers greater damage bonus for a greater speed penalty.
Crafting
Forging
thumb|300px|The Zaw Forging screen at Hok's Anvil.
Before players can craft a Zaw, they must first purchase the blueprints for the parts they desire from Hok's Anvil, which is available for Standing, after which these parts must then be constructed at the Foundry.
Once the component parts have been crafted, players must return to Hok's Anvil and select the Forge a Zaw option.
Here, players must choose the crafted components they have available to form the weapon.
Once a Strike, Grip and Link are selected, the player will be shown a preview of the weapon's appearance, along with the weapon's stats.
If the weapon is satisfactory, players can then proceed with the Build Weapon action, which will instantly craft the weapon for 4,000.
Players can also use the Forge screen to preview builds of Zaw components they do not yet own.
A newly built Zaw cannot be renamed, customized, Polarized, equipped with a Focus Lens, have Exodia Arcanes installed, or earn Mastery Rank experience. However, they can be equipped with an Orokin Catalyst.
Once built, a Zaw cannot be disasssembled to return its components parts.
Zaw Combos
While any Strike can be combined with any Grip, the type of weapon that results is dependent upon the exact type of parts that are used, and certain weapon types are limited to certain combinations of parts. Links do not affect the weapon type created, and can be freely used on any Grip and Strike combination.
Gilding
thumb|250px|A freshly-built Zaw (above), and a Gilded Zaw (below).
In order to fully unlock all of a Zaw's features, players must gild their weapon.
To gild a weapon, players must have a reputation rank of at least Trusted with the Ostrons, and the desired Zaw must first be leveled up to Rank 30.
Afterwards, players must return to Hok's Anvil and select the Gild option under Other services, which will cost 2 Cetus Wisp and 5,000 Standing.
Upon gilding the weapon, players will be asked to first add a Polarity to the weapon, and then finally give it a custom name.
This process will reset the weapon's level back to Rank 0.
A Gilded Zaw will have all of the functionality available to other weapons. A Zaw will only give Mastery Rank points once gilded.
Visually, the Gilded Zaw will have a modified appearance over a newly-built one, namely having all rust traces removed, the Strike being smoother and glossier, the orange Links becoming gold, and finally the blade having Ostron characters written on it.
Exodia Arcanes
thumb|250px
Gilded Zaws can be further improved through the installation of Exodia Arcanes, that grant special conditional abilities to the Zaw. These can be bought from Hok's Anvil once a player has achieved the rank of Kin with the Ostrons. Two particular Exodia Arcanes, Exodia Contagion and Exodia Epidemic, are instead limited-time offers either through reruns of Operation: Plague Star via Nakak or as Naberus offerings from Daughter.
Installing an Exodia Arcane onto a Zaw will visually add energy lights on the weapon's Links, or add Infested growths in the case of both Exodia Contagion or Exodia Epidemic. It will also prepend the "Arcane" prefix to the weapon's name on the Arsenal, though the weapon's name will not have the prefix during missions.
Final Stats
Final stat values are calculated by adding values of the Strike, Grip, and Link.
For Two-Handed Zaws, the Damage value is further multiplied by a factor, listed in the table below, depending on the Strike.
The tables below show the various stats that can result from different Zaw part combinations.
Zaw Stats
**Notes:**
Links are not always called links in the item description texts; they may be called "counterweights."
As of Update 26.1, Zaws are compatible with any Deluxe Skins.
Hok also sells fully assembled Gilded Zaws on his Today's Special option for. The Strike, Grip and Link combinations on these weapons are randomized daily.
Zaws have to be gilded to earn Mastery Rank points, with their progression tied to the weapon's Strike alone. For example, if a player levels up a Gilded Zaw crafted with the Balla Strike to 30, any future Zaws forged using the Balla Strike will no longer provide Mastery regardless of what combination of Grips and Links they have.
As there are eleven Strikes currently available, the maximum amount of Mastery Rank points that can be earned from Zaw crafting is 33,000.
With 11 Strikes, 10 Grips, and 16 Links, there are currently a total of 1760 possible Zaw combinations available.
This would total to 1,440,000 Standing for Strikes, 1,408,000 Standing for Grips and 10,560,000 Standing for Links, totaling to 13,408,000 Standing, not counting the Plague parts, which roughly translates to 401 days, at Legendary 5, of maxing out standing with Cetus, or 67,040 Bad Kuaka captures.
Rank 30 Zaws or Gilded Zaws can be donated to Hok's Anvil in exchange for Ostron Standing.
Zaws can equip Riven Mods, with the Riven Mods generated tied to the weapon's Strike, e.g. Balla Exi-Gelitis.
Custom names for Zaws have a 24 character limit including spaces, and will not accept special characters like commas (,) or apostrophes ('), though hyphens ( - ) are accepted.
Names can also not include any profanities such as swear words.
Applying Exodia Arcanes to Zaws will give their Links a visual change. Most Exodias will add a small glowing gem to the Links, while the Infested Exodia Epidemic and Exodia Contagion will make the Link visibly corrupted by the Infestation. This however is a purely cosmetic change.
Zaws inherit basic colours after gilding from the grip, though this change can only be seen with plague grips.
Typing [Zaw] in the in-game chat and selecting the Zaw will let other players in the same chat channel see its bonuses.
Zaws cannot be used in Conclave.
Changing Holster Style will have no affect on certain Zaws, such as the Oothla and Seekalla
kjUFFmdNU6I

Zaw Builder by Semlar

## Kitgun
Rude Zuud

Kitguns are modular primary and secondary firearms.
As modular weapons, Kitguns are formed from three different components that can be mixed and matched before assembly, allowing players to create different combinations of parts with the stats and abilities that they desire.
Additionally, Kitguns can be given custom names when created to further personalize the weapon.
Like Zaws, gilded Kitguns can be further upgraded with Pax Arcanes and Residual Arcanes.
Rude Zuud of Solaris United sells Corpus-like Kitgun parts, while Father of the Entrati has Infested-like Kitgun parts.
Components
A Kitgun consists of three different components, the Chamber, the Grip, and the Loader. Each component is centered around a particular aspect of the weapon, and these components can each have various parts to choose from, which changes the type of functionality that the component provides.
Chamber
The Chamber represents the primary component of the Kitgun that forms its barrel, which determines the form of the weapon's unique damage properties ranging from large energy projectiles to beams, as well as its trigger type. These are the components that earn Mastery Rank points for the weapon. Note that the primary and secondary variants of each chamber share the same Mastery progression, so leveling both the primary and secondary variant of the chamber will not give more Mastery.
Grip
The Grip is a Kitgun component that forms the main handle, which determines whether the weapon is a primary or a secondary type weapon, as well as the balance between the weapon's base damage, fire rate, and the amount of recoil, usually resulting in a tradeoff between these stats. For beam-type chambers like the Gaze, the Grip will only determine the weapon's base damage and maximum range, and not the fire rate or recoil.
Loader
Loaders are tertiary components representing the Kitgun's receiver and magazine assembly, and is responsible for the balance of the weapon's secondary stats including Critical Hit and Status Effect stats, as well as magazine size and reload speeds.
Crafting
Building
Before players can craft a Kitgun, they must first purchase the blueprints for the parts they desire from Rude Zuud or Father, which is available for Standing, after which these parts must then be constructed at the Foundry.
Once the component parts have been crafted, players must return to Rude Zuud or Father and select the Build Kitgun option.
Here, players must choose the crafted components they have available to form the weapon.
Once a Chamber, Grip, and Loader are selected, the player will be shown a preview of the weapon's appearance, along with the weapon's stats.
If the weapon is satisfactory, players can then proceed with the Build Weapon action, which will instantly craft the weapon for 4,000.
Players can also use the Build Kitgun screen to preview builds of Kitgun components they do not yet own.
A newly built Kitgun cannot be renamed, customized, Polarized, equipped with a Focus Lens, have Kitgun Arcanes installed, or earn Mastery Rank experience. However, they can be equipped with an Orokin Catalyst.
Once built, a Kitgun cannot be disassembled to return its components parts.
Gilding
In order to fully unlock all of a Kitgun's features, players must gild their weapon.
To gild a weapon, players must have a reputation rank of at least Doer with Solaris United, and the desired Kitgun must first be leveled up to Rank 30.
Afterwards, players must return to Rude Zuud or Father and select the Gild option under Other Services, which will cost 10 Shelter Debt-Bonds (Rude Zuud) or 25 Father Tokens (Father) and 5,000 Standing.
Upon gilding the weapon, players will be asked to first add a Polarity to the weapon, and then finally give it a custom name.
This process will reset the weapon's level back to Rank 0.
A Gilded Kitgun will have all of the functionality available to other weapons. A Kitgun will only give Mastery Rank points once gilded.
Visually, the Gilded Kitgun will have a modified appearance over a newly-built one.
Kitgun Arcanes
Gilded Kitguns can be further improved through the installation of Kitgun Arcanes, that grant special conditional abilities to the Kitgun. Pax arcanes can be bought from Rude Zuud once a player has achieved the rank of Old Mate with Solaris United while Residual arcanes can be obtained through Isolation Vaults. These can be installed simultaneously with Secondary/Primary arcanes.
Primary
StatsPrimary
Catchmoon =Primary
Kitgun Riven Mods
Veiled Kitgun Riven Mods can be acquired through most Riven sources
Veiled Riven Mods can be obtained from Acrithis, Palladino, and Nihil's Oubliette with a 3.5% chance to become a Veiled Kitgun Riven Mod.
Veiled Kitgun Riven Mods can be obtained from Sorties, Archon Hunts, and Duviri Steel Path Circuit with a 1%, 1%, and 1.2% chance respectively.
Kitgun Riven mods for a specific chamber can be equipped on both the primary and secondary versions. Note that the riven disposition changes based on the type. By default, the stats on the riven mod will reflect the primary disposition.
39.1
**Notes:**
Rude Zuud also sells fully assembled Gilded Kitguns on her Today's Special option for. The Chamber, Grip and Loader combinations on these weapons are randomized daily.
Kitguns are compatible with Deluxe Skins.
Kitguns have to be gilded to earn Mastery Rank points, with their progression tied to the weapon's Chamber alone. For example, if a player levels up a Gilded Kitgun crafted with the Catchmoon Chamber to 30, any future Kitguns forged using the Catchmoon Chamber will no longer provide Mastery regardless of what combination of Grips and Loaders they have.
As there are six Chambers currently available, the maximum amount of Mastery Rank points that can be earned from Kitgun crafting is 18,000.
Gilding a kitgun also gives the gun a polarity slot of the player's choice.
With 6 Chambers, 10 Grips, and 20 Loaders, there are currently a total of 1,200 possible Kitgun combinations available.
Rank 30 Kitguns or Gilded Kitguns can be donated to Rude Zuud in exchange for Solaris United Standing.
Kitguns can equip Riven Mods, with the Riven Mods generated tied to the weapon's Chamber, e.g. Catchmoon Exi-Gelitis.
The same Riven Mod may be equipped on any Kitgun, including both Primary and Secondary Kitguns, as long as they share the same Chamber.
Custom names for Kitguns have a 24 character limit including spaces, and will not accept special characters like commas (,) or apostrophes ('), though hyphens ( - ) are accepted.
Names can also not include any profanities such as swear words.
A Kitgun's reload animation is determined by the Grip and Loader chosen.
Typing [Kitgun] in the in-game chat and selecting the Kitgun will let other players in the same chat channel see its bonuses.
Kitguns cannot be used in the Conclave.
**Tips:**
The Chamber determines the type of projectile fired by the Kitgun, fire rate, trigger type, base damage, base critical chance, base status chance and magazine capacity.
The Grip modifies base damage, fire rate, and the amount of recoil. Grips with higher base damage will have a slower fire rate with higher recoil, and vice-versa.
Although faster Grips have less recoil than slower Grips, faster Grips are more susceptible to bullet spread depending on the Accuracy characteristics of the Chamber.
In the case of Gaze, which is a beam weapon, the maximum range of the beam will be modified instead of fire rate. Grips with higher damage will reduce the beam's total range, and vice-versa.
The Loader determines the base reload speed, and modifies critical chance, status chance and magazine capacity. There are 4 major types:
Quickest loaders have the shortest reload speed of 0.9 seconds but give the lowest magazine capacity.
Fast loaders have a short reload speed of 1.3 seconds and low magazine capacity.
High capacity loaders have a longer reload speed of 1.7 seconds with a higher magazine capacity.
Maximum capacity loaders have the longest reload speed at 2.1 seconds but offer the highest magazine capacity.
When Kitguns are equipped with the Pax Charge Arcane, the base recharge delay is equal to base reload speed.

Kit Builder by Semlar
Community Kitgun and Zaw guide
Kitgun DPS Comparison
24.4.4

## K-Drive
K-Drive
K-Drives are hoverboards built by the Solaris out of Corpus technology that Tenno can ride on to traverse large, expansive on-land areas quickly, or even across the surface of lakes and ponds. The K-Drives are provided by the Ventkids located in Fortuna, and can be used in Landscapes; namely the Orb Vallis, the Plains of Eidolon, and Cambion Drift.
**Acquisition:**
Players will receive the K-Drive Launcher which is a Gear item used to summon K-Drives in Landscapes, as well a free but basic Bondi K-Drive upon completing the Vox Solaris quest in Fortuna. However, the Bondi K-Drive does not appear in the Arsenal, thus it cannot be altered or modded, and cannot be leveled nor will it grant points towards Mastery Ranks.
Custom-built K-Drives may be obtained by assembling individual parts traded from Standing; with each Ventkids Ranking causing more parts to become available. Alternatively, players can spend Platinum to purchase a randomly assembled K-Drive through the Ventkids' Daily Specials. Players can manage their K-Drives in the Vehicles section of the Arsenal, where players can select their currently active K-Drive as well as mod their custom K-Drives.
Velocipods found in Cambion Drift can be ridden on like a K-Drive. Son sells K-Drive Velocipod skins for Entrati standing. These skins can be colored like normal gear, the only difference between them being the color of their eyes and the lights emitted from their wings. Equipping one of these skins on a K-Drive with Steeba or Gristlebuck will not hide the tendrils of those parts.
Yareli has the ability to summon her exalted K-Drive Merulina. Unlike normal K-Drives, Merulina can be used in normal missions.
Affinity and Standing
Tricks & Scores
Players performing special moves and maneuvers called Tricks will earn Affinity to level-up their K-Drive, 25% of which is also converted to Ventkids Standing.
The maximum Affinity gain in one successful trick chain is capped at 3,000 rewarding 750 Standing Standing; with Primo Flair equipped on the K-Drive, however, the Affinity gain cap for one successful trick chain can be increased to a maximum of 6,000 rewarding 1500 Standing Standing.
K-Drives level-up at the same rate as Warframes and need 900,000 Affinity points to get to level 30.
Each Board will grant 200 Mastery Points per level, accumulating to 6,000 at rank 30.
The Mod Inertia Dampeners can be indispensable as every trick will start with a higher point multiplier; a maximum level mod will add +4 starting multiplier.
Ventkids Standing and K-Drive affinity can be earned in all free-roam areas. While riding a K-Drive, blue crystals will appear in various locations throughout the open-world map, which can be picked up to boost the standing gain multiplier for the current chain of tricks.
Races
K-Drive Races are free roam missions for the Ventkids that are run by Boon in the Orb Vallis, and by Grandmother in the Cambion Drift. The goal of each race is to pass through as many gates as possible while mounting a K-Drive and then reach the final gate within a time limit. Completing the race will earn the player Standing for the Ventkids.
There are 22 races scattered across the Orb Vallis, however only 5 are active at a time. The active races refresh daily, at the same time as Daily Tribute and Standing limits. You can check the currently-available races by mounting your K-Drive and then opening the map.
Controls and Tricks
Basic Controls
Use movement keys (PC default W A S D) to move K-Drive forward, left, backwards, and right. Players can dismount from a K-Drive using the Interact (PC default X) or Melee attack key (PC default E).
The sprint key (PC default Shift) can be held to activate the K-Drive's boost.
To ollie, press the jump key (PC default Space Bar). Further, press and hold the jump key charge your jump and get extra height as well as timing your perfect jump. While activating Boost will not generate extra jump height, be on the lookout for certain environmental objects, such as ramps, that can send you further and higher.
While on the K-Drive, players can switch to their secondary weapon (PC default F) and use it as normal. Note that while in this state players cannot perform board grabs or flips.
Grinds
Many objects in the environment can be grinded on, such as guardrails, pipes, tree roots, and vines. When approaching one, ollie the K-Drive up, and hold the crouch key (PC default Ctrl) to perform this trick. To dismount the grind, just release the crouch key or use the jump key to hop off.
Advanced Controls
Missing iOS controls
Players can perform tricks or advanced maneuvers by combining K-Drive controls.
Spin and Flip Combinations
While in the air, press the jump key again (PC default Space Bar) to perform a Copter trick (frontside 360). The following keys will also perform spins:
Space Bar + Up or Space Bar + Left Copter (Frontside)
Space Bar + Right or Space Bar + Down Copter (Backside)
Holding the crouch key (PC default Ctrl) while moving across open ground will also perform the Copter animations, though Trick Points cannot be earned from them.
The following key combinations will perform flips:
Right Mouse + Up - Nose Planker
Right Mouse + Down - Tail Planker
Right Mouse + Right - Frontside Rollout
Right Mouse + Left - Backside Rollout
Board Grabs
While in the air, holding the following key combinations will perform style grabs on the K-Drive:
Hold Left Mouse + Up - Nose Clutch
Hold Left Mouse + Down - Tail Clutch
Hold Left Mouse + Right - Frontside Clutch
Hold Left Mouse + Left - Backside Clutch
While performing a grind, perform any grab combination (Left Mouse + any movement key) to add more style to your grind.
Grab Combinations
Combine board grabs and spins and twists for even more stylish airtime antics. Hold the first two inputs before adding the third input.
Hold Left Mouse + Up, then Space Bar - Nose Spinja
Hold Left Mouse + Down, then Space Bar - Tail Spinja
Hold Left Mouse + Right, then Space Bar - Frontside Spinja
Hold Left Mouse + Left, then Space Bar - Backside Spinja
Hold Left Mouse + Up, then Right Mouse - Nose Clutch Planker
Hold Left Mouse + Down, then Right Mouse - Tail Clutch Planker
Hold Left Mouse + Right, then Right Mouse - Frontside Skyrocker
Hold Left Mouse + Left, then Right Mouse - Backside Skyrocker
Slam Shockwave
Creates a 4m shockwave that deals 100 Impact damage and direct impacts deals 1000 Impact damage. The following are the controls to perform a slam shockwave.
Space, then tap LCtrl, then hold LCtrl
Trick Score
The score received for a trick chain is determined by the duration counter and the trick multiplier.
The duration counter increases at different speeds for grinding, airtime, and grabbing.
Grinding is the slowest, airtime is average, and grabbing in the air gives increases the counter the fastest.
The trick multiplier is increased by performing tricks and grinding, and it is represented by the "x [n]" next to the duration counter.
The multiplier starts at x1 and increased by x2 for every successful trick*, however, in order to earn points, the player must perform a trick (immediately increasing the multiplier to x3) or grab the board for a certain amount of time (giving the base multiplier of x1).
Doing the same trick multiple times in a row will not increase the multiplier, but a trick can be repeated in a trick chain.
The score received from a trick chain is then calculated by multiplying the duration counter and the trick multiplier.
*Performing a Nose Clutch Planker or Tail Clutch Planker only increases the multiplier by x1
Examples:
No charge jump + grab = No points
No charge jump + any trick = 21 points
No charge jump + 2 tricks = 35 points
Fully charged jump + grab = 22 points
Fully charged jump + any trick = 51 points
Fully charged jump + 3 tricks = 119 points
Times used in testing:
No charge jump: About 1.2 seconds
Full charge jump: About 2.5 seconds
Notes:
All tests were done with the Bondi K-Drive (unmodded)
The player must be moving to receive any points.
The maximum amount of points a player can receive in a single trick chain is 3000
Crafting
K-Drives are assembled via a modular system comprised of 4 different parts: the Board, Reactor, Nose, and the Jet, which are then constructed into a complete K-Drive. Unlike Zaws and Kitguns, differences between K-Drive parts do not change their stats in any way and are purely cosmetic. K-Drive components are acquired primarily by the Ventkids, though select K-Drive races in the Cambion Drift can reward Infested-themed K-Drive components.
K-Drives can be assembled by the Ventkids, whose clubhouse can be entered via a vent above Legs' shop. Players may also access the clubhouse via Fast Travel.
Board
The Board is the largest component of the K-Drive, comprising the main body upon which the Tenno ride on. It is also the only part that grants progress towards Mastery Ranking.
Reactor
The Reactor component is a large part on the K-Drives rear, which houses their main power plant.
Nose
The front of the K-Drive contains the Nose component.
Jet
The K-Drives are propelled by a pair of Jets, which are found to the sides of the Reactor component.
Mods
Assembled K-Drives can be modded to improve their performance in various ways, which can help in earning more Standing as well as giving various offensive abilities to allow the K-Drive to be used against enemies. K-Drives can also be fitted with Orokin Reactors and Forma to further improve their customization, requiring no gilding, unlike traditional Modular weaponry.
K-Drive mods
K-Drive Mods#List of K-Drive Mods
Scrawl
K-Drives can be further customized with Scrawls, which are painted artwork that can be placed at the bottom of the K-Drive's board. Scrawls also change the artwork that appears during a successful Trick counter.
Bundles
Scrawl Bundles are available in the Market.
Kubrodon Series 1
Kubrodon Series 2
Pobbers Series 1
Pobbers Series 2
Twitch Drop
6th Anniversary Twitch Drop
Available in Ventkids' Bash Lab.
Nightwave Reward
Others
**Notes:**
All K-Drives have base stats of 21.00 Boost Speed, 0.00 Double Jump Height, 1.50 Jump Charge Time, 2.50 Jump Height, and 18.00 Speed.
K-Drives cannot travel though Nova's Wormhole, and will completely ignore it.
Before crafting their own K-Drive, players can use the Bondi K-Drive indefinitely after completing Vox Solaris. Once the player acquires a custom K-Drive however, the Bondi K-Drive is lost.
The Bondi appears to be made of a Flatbelly, an Arc Twelve, and the Step Tens, without a nose piece.
The user is immune to Stagger and Knockdown while riding a K-Drive.
Secondary weapons can be unholstered and fired while on the K-Drive by pressing F, but will prevent the player from perfoming most tricks until the Secondary is holstered.
Notably, Hildryn's Balefire Charger can be used instead of the regular secondary weapon by activating Balefire before mounting the K-Drive.
Landing on top of an enemy from a high altitude will kill them.
Tenno can use K-Drives to ride on top of the blizzard created by the Exploiter Orb for an extended period of time.
All Companion abilities, including Vacuum and Fetch, are disabled while using K-Drives.
K-Drive Mods share the Vehicles tab with Archwing and Necramech mods in the Mod Console.
Affinity sharing from kills made by other players will be disabled while using K-Drives.
Affinity from kills by Tenno with Warframe powers will not be applied and kills will not be counted while on a K-Drive.
K-Drives share vehicle slots with Archwings.
After acquiring the first assembled K-Drive, player must have at least one K-Drive at any time. It's impossible to sell the last K-Drive in the inventory.
Tenno can equip a Focus Lens to their K-Drive.
However, it does not seem to actually gain Focus.
As of Update 24.1.2, grinding does not add to the combo multiplier.
**Tips:**
You can preview a 3D model of a completed K-Drive by visiting Roky. Click 'Assemble K-Drive'. And select four parts. You will be shown a completed K-Drive even though you do not own the parts. This is much better than looking at part icons.
After performing a trick chain, be careful not to take any damage, hard landings, or run into any obstacles, as they have a chance of ruining your chain, even after it's completed. Do not become airborne after landing a trick, as this will also invalidate your score. In that case, it advised to start the next trickchain, when the scoreboard disappears from the HUD.
Geometry settings of "Low" can sometimes interfere with grinding, the trick lands although the player is still grinding.
Tricks count as valid, when the animation is fully played or the name is shown in the scoreboard.
An optimal trick chain should end between 100 30 and 200 15, as 3000 is the maximum amount of points for a single chain.
Primo Flair at max level caps your Trick Combo up to 6000, rather than the base 3000. This can be used to gain standing much more quickly. Chaining tricks to up to somewhere between 200x30 and 300x20 would be most efficient. Ventkid standing is gained at 25% total Trick Score, meaning at max level you can earn up to 1,500 standing per maxed trick chain, compared to only 750.
Performing Jump-spin when landing will preserve combo. Poppin' Vert mod will help to reach sufficient height, other recommended mods are Venerdo Hoverdrive, Air Time and Inertia Dampeners.
The Pearl has a ring which is great for beginner to moderate players to farm standing (however the location is hostile until taken over).
Grind on the ring around the pearl and jump over the platforms blocking its path.
When jumping over these platforms perform copters alternating left and right with each jump.
End the chain when the total is between 100 30 and 200 15
For more advanced players, the main, long, straight pipe right behind the entrance of Fortuna can be used the same way, without having to clear out an area.
Jump up and begin grinding on the pipe
As soon as you hit the pipe, jump up, perform a trick, and hold Ctrl to continue grinding
Once you near the end of the pipe, charge jump while strafing around, and continue grinding up the pipe in the opposite. (grabbing the board and performing a trick during the turn-around speeds up the duration counter and increases the multiplier)
Expert players can try the following at the pipes near Fortuna:
Grind up the long straight pipe, doing jump, front flip, jump-spin, grind.
At the edge, charge the jump, turn 180° doing a side-flip and land in a grind down the pipe again.
Grind down the pipe, doing another set of jump, front-flip, jump-spins to rack up multiplier.
Charge the jump
Cross the gap between the pipe you jumped from and the next, with a side-flip, optionally trying to collect the 2 style-points while doing so. This is very risky, but possible to do with a Bondi K-Drive w/o mods.
Land in a grind, do another set of jump, front-flip, jump-spin until the very end
Jump again to land on the fence across the road.
Land to get your style points of 3000, although the multiplier and score is much higher.
The road going past Central Maintenance can also be a very good spot to farm (but one would be advised to take over the location first). The player can go around and around on the rails there, doing tricks in between landings and stack up their multiplier infinitely. You might struggle at first with performing the full 180 degree turns necessary to keep it going, but once you can do that it is an excellent farming spot.
It is advised to have a high Mastery Rank, because doing the tricks described here can cap out the daily limit very quickly in minutes.
**Trivia:**
K-Drives and MOA companions are the first modular equipment that:
Do not have Arcane Enhancements, while other modulars like Zaws, Amps, and Kitguns have their own respective Arcanes.
Are a non-weapon.
K-Drive is the second type of vehicle built and used by Tenno. It is also the first pilotable ground vehicle, and the third pilotable vehicle after the Archwing and Dargyns.
Unlike Archwing, which is based on Orokin design and used exclusively by the Tenno, K-Drives are originally used by other faction, the Ventkids.
Though the Tenno adopt K-Drives from the Ventkids, K-Driving was originated from Yareli, who was designed and created by the Orokin.
2FC7JBGVmfc
24.5.6

## Necramech
Father
Necramechs are weapon platforms built by the Entrati that can be encountered among the ruins of the Cambion Drift, Deimos, or built by the player for their personal use.
They are heavily armored bipedal war machines designed during The Old War, and were the predecessor to Warframes, though they were far less intelligent.
The Tenno are capable of accessing these Old War relics using Transference, and can deploy their personal Necramechs in Landscapes, grounded Empyrean missions, Albrecht's Laboratories, and limited other venues.
Lore & History
The Old War
Necramechs are heavily armored, archaic war platforms that were designed by Father to fight against the encroaching Sentient forces. Thanks to their Void-shielding, Necramechs were immune to the tech-disabling pulses of the Orphix, and became a solid defense against the invading Sentients.
One notable Necramech was the experimental Tombjockey, a squat mech with a low center of gravity, built for endurance. During a test drive into the Lux-Severin Hotzone, the Tombjockey came across a Sentient Ropalolyst, which proceeded to tear the Necramech to pieces.
However, due to the mechs' rudimentary behavior, the Orokin claimed that they weren't smart enough to face the ever-evolving Sentients, and chose to retire them early in favor of the more advanced Warframes.
The Re-emergence of Deimos
After the Heart began to fail, Deimos was forced to re-phase back into Martian orbit. The moon had long since succumbed to the Infested Grey Strain, with the Entrati's remaining Necramechs regressing to their autonomous-kill precepts, causing them to indiscriminately attack whatever is in front of them.
Currently, these hostile Necramechs can be found defending the subterranean Isolation Vaults, located beneath the surface of the Cambion Drift.
Some friendly Necramechs, however, can be found roaming the surface of the Cambion Drift.
Albrecht's Laboratories
Albrecht Entrati has employed smaller Necramech models to defend Albrecht's Laboratories, located deep within the underground of Deimos. However, these Necramechs have long since malfunctioned and no longer perceive The Indifference and The Murmur as an enemy.
**Acquisition:**
Necramechs can be piloted by an Operator (which requires completion of The War Within) via Transference, whether they are found in the Cambion Drift or owned by the player.
Inactive/Temporary
thumb|300px|Spawn locations of Fallen NecramechsFallen Necramechs can be found in the fields of the Cambion Drift during Fass or during Orphix missions. An Operator only needs to initiate Transference (default 5) when near an operational inactive Necramech in order to board it. Necramech wreckage eligible for Transference can be identified by a blue aura emanating from it. Necramechs are capable of spawning in a few predefined locations at any given time, randomly selected upon the player entering the Drift.
These Necramechs will only have Rank 0 stats with no mods, though they will have all of their abilities at max rank. They use an unmodified Mausolon as their default weapon.
During Vome, these Necramechs become active and fight enemies automatically. These active Necramechs cannot be boarded using Transference.
Owned/Permanent
Players can craft their own Necramechs by buying their component blueprints through the Necraloid Syndicate. Each Necramech requires their own Casing, Engine, Capsule, and Weapon Pod to be built from their damaged counterparts. Damaged Necramech components can be purchased from Father or obtained by defeating enemy Necramechs found in Isolation Vault bounties.
A built Necramech takes up one Necramech slot. Players start out with four Necramech slots by default and more can be purchased from the Market for 20 each. Alternatively, pre-built Necramechs can be bought from the Market for 375, which come with a pre-installed Orokin Reactor and a Necramech slot.
Acquiring a Necramech also requires an open Archwing Weapon slot, as they come with a Mausolon Archgun.
Player-owned Necramechs have a customizable livery and can be equipped with various Necramech-exclusive Mods to enhance their abilities.
A Necramech Summon Gear is automatically given to the player upon acquiring their first Necramech, which allows the player to summon their Necramech for use on open-world Landscapes (Cambion Drift, Plains of Eidolon, and Orb Vallis) and Conjunction Survival game modes.
Acquiring Tactical Intrinsic Rank 5 allows the Necramech to be summoned in the grounded portions of Empyrean missions.
The Necramech Summon Gear has a 1 minute cooldown (45 seconds with Intrinsics Tactical Rank 8) before it can be used again if the Necramech is destroyed, and a 10-second cooldown if the Necramech is still active.
In Conjunction Survival, the Necramech has a duration of 2 minutes before automatically self-destructing, and has a cooldown of 10 minutes (7 minutes and 30 seconds with Intrinsics Tactical Rank 8) upon first activation of the gear item.
In Albrecht's Laboratories, players can summon their Necramech by hacking a POM-2 console near a Necramech Dispenser.
Mechanics
Mobility and Control
Necramechs are capable of walking, jumping (default Space), and slide dashing (default tap Shift + any directional key). For more advanced maneuvers, the Necramechs have an Engine gauge denoting fuel, which is consumed when performing its unique movement techniques, and naturally replenishes if the Necramech is standing still or using standard movement (it will not replenish however during falling from heights). Sprinting (default holding Shift) also consumes the Engine gauge.
The Necramech has two advanced maneuvers unique to it:
Slide: Necramechs can perform a slide (default tapping and hold Shift) which propels it at high speed towards its current heading.
It can be steered by the directional keys (default A to turn left and D to turn right), though turning radius while sliding is significantly widened.
Sliding ragdolls and damages enemies in its path, and also breaks any destructible environmental objects like loot crates.
Sliding can be maintained for as long as the Necramech has Engine fuel, and will only stop if the gauge is depleted, the sprint key is pressed, or the Necramech performs another maneuver like jumping.
At the end of the slide (either through intentional stop or running out of fuel) while on the ground a forced recovery stomping animation will play out, resulting in an unavoidable moment of unresponsiveness of about 2 seconds.
Despite the forceful appearance this animation does not deal any additional damage.
While the animation for the slide results in the Necramech lowering its height significantly, its actual collision model does not change and thus still unable to pass through "standard size" doorways.
Hover: While in mid-air either from jumping or falling from heights, Necramechs can activate their flight thrusters while aiming (default hold Mouse 2 while airborne), making them hover which drastically slows down their rate of descent.
While hovering, the Necramech can move in any direction using the directional keys, allowing it to fly across short distances. Necramechs also retain any forward momentum from ground movement when hovering, meaning that high speed can be attained by sprinting then jumping into a hover. The flight thrusters merely slow the Necramech's rate of descent, though, so it gradually loses altitude even if the thrusters are still active.
Crouching and sprinting can be used while hovering to speed up or slow down the directional movement, respectively.
Hovering can be performed as long as the Necramech has Engine fuel, and the thrusters will shut off if the gauge is depleted, the jump key is released, or the mech's feet make contact with a passable surface.
Once the Fuel gauge has been depleted below 5%, a soft warning beep will play until the Fuel recovery has kicked in.
Necramechs can crouch (default holding Ctrl), but only while stationary, and they cannot crawl. Combining crouch with movement will result in a slower walk, with the Necramech maintaining its standing height. Likewise, shooting and/or aiming while crouched will cancel out and force the mech to stand up for the action.
Despite their tall height, Necramechs are capable of walking through small passageways and doors where they shouldn't fit, causing their helmets to scrape against the ceiling.
Necramechs have an innate 6-meter Vacuum-like effect that draws in pickups.
Necramechs are unable to interact with objects that require the Use key (default X), thus they are unable to hack consoles, carry objective items, grab pickups like Ayatan Stars, or revive allies.
Controlling the Necramech requires the Operator to Transference out of the Warframe. If Transference is used while the Warframe and Necramech are right next to each other or one is aimed at from a distance, the player can directly swap between them without entering Operator mode. While the Necramech is unpiloted, it is invulnerable to damage from all sources and any active abilities will deactivate.
Combat
Necramechs come with 4 abilities unique to each chassis, and like Warframes, these abilities require Energy to use.
For their primary weapons, Necramechs can be armed with any Archgun (with no need for a Gravimag), and it will have regenerating ammo like in Archwing space missions.
Voidrig does not have an equippable melee weapon, instead using arm swipes (Pugil) and aerial ground slams, both of which can powerfully ragdoll enemies, but deal no damage.
Bonewidow, however, has an exalted melee weapon known as Ironbride.
Necramechs are able to fire their weapons and perform most abilities while hovering.
Necramechs are immune to Knockdown, Stagger, and Status Effects, and they cannot be affected by special enemy incapacitation abilities such as the Deimos Tendril Drone's latching attack. However, they are affected by the energy residue left by Vome and Fass, Energy and Leech Eximus' draining powers, Arctic Eximus' auras, and Nox's sludges. They will also be slowed during grapple attack animations from enemies such as the Ancient Healer.
Warframe abilities cannot directly affect a Necramech, however they can still make use of abilities such as Electric Shield and shoot through it for additional damage, or utilize cover abilities such as Snow Globe to avoid enemy fire. They are affected by allied unit effects however, such as gaining bonus shields from Shield Ospreys and damage resistance from Ancient Healers, either in Specter form or spawned/turned friendly through Warframe abilities.
Necramechs do not enter bleedout, and will instead immediately explode once their health is depleted.
Necramechs can pick up Health and Energy Orbs dropped from enemies, the environment, or from Warframe abilities, but cannot be healed or energized directly by Warframe abilities or consumables.
They can be repaired using:
Health Orbs
Necramech Repair
Bonewidow's Meathook
Vazarin's Protective Sling
Vizier Predasite's Iatric Mycelium
Ancient Healer Specter (~30 health pulses)
They can replenish energy reserves through:
Energy Orbs
Zenurik's Wellspring
Necramechs are also affected by Hardened Wellspring's Ability Strength bonus
Vome blue energy (during Fass cycle)
Wisp pickups generated from Emergence Dissipate
They do not benefit from gear item consumables or Warframe abilities, such as:
Team Bonus Consumables
Trinity's Blessing and Energy Vampire, Equinox's Mend & Maim, Arcane Pulse, Venari's heal stance or Hunter Recovery (however Venari and other companions will stay by the Necramech's side to fight)
Wisp's Reservoirs, Oberon's Renewal, Volt's Speed, Harrow's Covenant, Rhino's Roar, or Styanax's Rally Point
Combat Discipline, Rejuvenation, Physique, Energy Siphon, Brief Respite or Enemy Radar
Medi-Ray
Vacuum/Fetch or Animal Instinct
Overleveling
Weapons#Overleveling
Ranking and Modding
Unlike other vehicles (e.g. Archwings or K-Drives), Necramechs feature 12 mod slots. To better enable the use of 4 additional mods, each polarization increases its rank by 2, up to a max of 40 after 5 Forma, increasing mod capacity to a total of 80 at rank 40 (with an Orokin Reactor installed). Additional polarizations can be added when the Necramech reaches its new max rank at that polarization level. Each additional rank also gives Mastery Rank Experience, giving 8,000 points in total.
Their default melee, Pugil, cannot be modded, but Bonewidow's Ironbride can use Archmelee mods.
List of Necramech Mods
Player-built Necramechs can be equipped with the following Necramech-exclusive mods:
Customization
Necramechs can have their appearances customized with various skins and helmets. Notably, if a player owns more than one model of Necramech, the helmets from those models can be used on other Necramech models as well (e.g. owning a Bonewidow will allow players to use the Bonewidow helmet on a Voidrig).
Skins & Sigils
**Notes:**
Visually, Fallen Necramechs can be identified from stock player versions by their duller and less vibrant colors, the lack of ornate painted patterns on their thighs, and the rougher pitted texture on their armor.
Active abilities such as Storm Shroud will be deactivated upon leaving the Necramech.
While not affected by Warframe abilities, Necramechs are affected by non-Tenno Specter support functions or some enemies under Mind Control. This includes all types of Shield Ospreys (giving bonus shields and shield recharge boosts), Ancient Healers (for heavy damage redirection towards the Healer itself), and Guardian type Eximus units (faster recharge speed for shields).
Similarly, they are adversely affected by some enemy abilities, such as Energy Leech Eximus draining the mech's energy reserves, slowed movement and fire rate from Arctic Eximus, and can be moved around by some special abilities that normally knock a Warframe down.
Railjack Intrinsics apply bonuses to Necramechs, which can apply even outside of Empyrean missions:
Tactical Rank 5: Allows Necramech Summon to be used in Empyrean missions.
Piloting Rank 7: Movement speed increased by 10%.
Gunnery Rank 5: Gun damage increased by 20%.
Engineering Rank 9: Health and Shields increased by 25%.
**Trivia:**
The "Necra" in Necramech likely refers to "Necro", a Greek prefix meaning "death". This would line up with the Orokin's ability to cheat death by transferring themselves into new bodies, much like the player who transfers into their Necramech does not die when their vessel is destroyed, as well as the depiction of a human skull on the chassis.
Uniquely, in the game files both Voidrig and Bonewidow are referred to as "NechroMech" and "ThanoMech" respectively. Bonewidow's "Thano-" likely refers to Thanatos, the personification of Death in Greek mythology.
During TennoCon 2020, a Voidrig statue was depicted wielding a Veritux. However, Necramechs are currently not capable of wielding Archmelees (with the exception of Bonewidow's Ironbride channeled from Exalted Ironbride).
While in use, Necramechs occasionally "talk". Their talking is composited mostly of mechanical sounding noises from grunts to short bursts of static chatter.

