# Patch Notes History
FORMAT: Each ## is one update/hotfix. **Date:** and **Type:** on first line. Additions, Changes, Fixes in ### subsections.
INDEX: Warframe Patch Notes (795 entries)

# Warframe Patch Notes
Complete history of Warframe updates, hotfixes, and prime access releases. Each entry includes additions, changes, and bug fixes.

## Voruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.8
**Date:** 2026-04-27T15:04:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
"Emit a pulse that adds stacks to Status Effects already afflicting enemies. The damage of Slash, Heat, and Toxin effects, excluding those created by Sickening Pulse itself, are added together to create a new instance of the Effect with a refreshed timer."
### Changes
Changes:

### Fixes
Fixed Voruna Prime sliding around on all fours if a Tauron Strike is cast while Ulfrun's Descent is active.
Fixed Focus Badges being turned into Focus Hats when equipped on Voruna Prime with her Voidshell skin.
Also fixed various offset issues on Voruna Prime with her Voidshell skin equipped.
Fixed Bounty enemy levels being lower than intended if the Bounty Menu was opened on Steel Path mode while the available bounties rolled over.
Fixed newly-created Cross Platform Save accounts not receiving Argon Crystals from missions if they were a Client.
Fixed being able to unequip the Vinquibis as a Primary Weapon (while keeping it equipped as a Melee).
Fixed being unable to equip both the Glyph Prism and Clan Glyph Prism in your Gear Wheel.
Also fixed Client's Clan Glyph Prism displaying the Host's Clan Glyph instead.
Fixed Yareli using an Air Support charge while mounting Merulina resulting in the charge not being consumed.
Fixed Nokko bypassing respawn volumes (i.e. resulting in him falling out of the map) if Reroot is cast while entering one.
Fixed the symbols to unlock the Secret Labs in the Gas City Tileset not being visible.
Fixed High Priority inbox messages not being focused on when force-opening the Inbox. 
Fixed not reviving on the next Descendia Infernum if a player died alone and squadmates joined right as the next Infernum started.
Fixed the Vizor Signa's glass appearing black with the High Shader Quality setting toggled off.
Fixed Protea Prime not receiving Velox's signature weapon bonus.
Fixed loss of function when using Nokko's Reroot before being jettisoned into space in The Jordas Precept quest.
Fixed the Ignore system behaving inconsistently across platforms for Cross Platform Save accounts.
Fixed Voruna Prime's wolf heads not being Primed when activating her Passive.
Fixed Voruna's passive wolf head not glowing with the Voruna Medeina, Demionna, and Kuvael Drahkaanis skins.
Fixed Step Ephemeras not applying during Voruna Prime's Ulfrun's Descent.
Fixed the Enkaus' beam VFX appearing to ricochet off of surfaces when shot in close proximity.
Fixed Atragraph Mods appearing like regular Mods when Chatlinked.
Fixed the Hanteler Prime Syandana not dissolving while aiming down sights before entering the pause menu.
Fixed the Coda Motovyre being duplicated when applying a Hammer Skin if Rending Strike equipped.
Fixed using Void Sling on specific tilesets resulting in broken cloth physics for various Syandanas.
Fixed Cathode Grace's VFX not respecting custom tints on Gyre Prime.
Fixed holster offset issues on the Elfhame Bow Skin.
Fixed the landing SFX from the Prime Vanguard not respecting player distance when they appear in Perita Rebellion missions.
Also adjusted the SFX of the Prime Vanguard and ensured it properly respects volume settings.
Fixed performance issues caused by the Anarch Grineer Trapper's drone SFX.
Fixed an issue when randomizing Voidshell Materials.
Fixed purchasing a color palette in Follie's Sketchbook causing another Follie's sketchbook screen to be layered on top.
Fixed chat boxes, notifications, and other UI elements popping up on Quest Complete screens, which could ruin the immersion.
Fixed picked-up Stock in Break Narmer missions not appearing in the End Of Mission screen.
Also fixed Stock earned from Challenges not appearing in the Last Mission Results screen.
Fixed the Last Mission Results screen for the Sneaky Sabotage Break Narmer mission incorrectly listing the number of Veils broken as 0.
Fixed the Sarofang Prime disappearing from Voruna Prime's hands after one camera rotation in her Market diorama.
Fixed cases of overlapping text in the Weekly Initiatives section of the Clan menu.
Fixed earned Cephalon Simaris standing being doubled in the End of Mission screen. (This was a UI-only issue)
Fixed Chroma's Elemental Ward ability on-hover description extending out of the screen in the Upgrade and Ability menus.
Fixed the Alignment badge at the end of The War Within quest covering the "continue" context action.
Fixed cases of event Alerts having misaligned UI elements in the Navigation screen.
Fixed a script error related to Ulfrun's passive effect on Voruna.
Fixed a script error related to the squad overlay.
Fixed a script error when using the randomize button in Operator/Drifter appearance menus.
Fixed a script error related to Oraxia's Widow's Brood ability.
Fixed a script error related to Jade's Symphony of Mercy.
Fixed a script error related to Sevagoth's Reap.
Fixed a script error related to Nekros' Terrify.
Fixed a script error during a specific segment of The Second Dream quest.
Fixed a script error when selecting a Void Storm mission right as it expires.
Fixed a script error related to the Gear Wheel.
Fixed a script error in the Trading menu.
Fixed a script error in the customization menu at the start of The Duviri Paradox quest.
Fixed a script error during the Angels of Zariman Quest.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCVoruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.7
**Date:** 2026-04-09T19:36:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCVoruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.7 + 42.0.7.1
**Date:** 2026-04-09T19:36:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Voruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.6
**Date:** 2026-04-08T15:01:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Nightwave Landing Craft Decoration
Noggle Statue
Nora Night
Clip Delegation (Sobek)
Photon Overcharge (Glaxion)
Glaive Daybreak Skin
Cedo Daybreak Skin
Nukor Daybreak Skin
Nightwave Earpieces
Transmission Color Picker
Uriel Asmodion Helmet Blueprint
Follie Sfumato Helmet Blueprint
Returning items to the Store Rotation:
These items have not been available for a while, so we're calling out their return here!
Burston Solstice Skin Blueprint
Corinth Solstice Skin Blueprint
Galatine Solstice Skin Blueprint
Guandao Solstice Skin Blueprint
Guandao Synoid Skin Blueprint
Ignis Solstice Skin Blueprint
Pyrana Synoid Skin Blueprint
Rubico Synoid Skin Blueprint
Scindo Solstice Skin Blueprint

### Changes
Voruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.6.1:
Note: The image above displays the Escuchon Regalia Collection for your Operator/Drifter.
Nora's back on the air, Tenno — and this time, she's bending the rhythm of time.
The signal is cutting through loud and clear with Nora's Mix: Time Tempests, now live on all platforms! Step into a broadcast where past, present and future collide. Earn Rewards that echo across every timeline.
Increased Voruna's movement speed by 50% while she's in Ulfrun's Descent.
Reduced the Ducat prices for the following Prime Parts from 100 to 65 in preparation of their upcoming Prime Resurgence release:
Grendel Prime Systems
Akarius Prime Receiver
Acceltra Prime Stock
Reverted various changes to existing Operator/Drifter appearances that slipped into the Shadowgrapher build:
Visages 47, 96, 20, 41, and 95 have been reverted to their pre-update appearance.
Reduced the intensity of pores in Operator/Drifter skin texture.
Removed certain Operator Visages suddenly developing wrinkles. 
Reduced eye shine.
Added Follie's Shadowgrapher ability to the "Invert Tap/Hold Abilities" setting.
Made further improvements to the visibility of the Coda Bubonico's crosshair when aiming down sights.

### Fixes
Fixed players losing function when unequipping weapons in their Arsenal.
Voruna Prime Honoria:
Earn the "Heart of the Pack" Honoria by acquiring Voruna Prime, either via Prime Access or by crafting her in the Foundry!
Protea Prime
Velox Prime
Okina Prime
Fixed Dante losing function upon recasting Noctua if it was active while in enemy Follie's energy draining aura in Follie's Hunt missions.
Fixed enemies getting stuck in doorways in Follie's Hunt missions.
Fixed the Shadowgrapher TennoGen creations not being platform locked upon purchase.
For more information on how Cross Platform Save applies to TennoGen items, please refer to our official guide. 
All items affected by this issue were as follows: Maulleus Hammer Skin, Nova Netrastelle Skin, Pragmatica Signa, Styanax Raevuz Skin, and Zamariu Signa.
Fixed Dante's Noctua having an unintentionally high fire rate.
Fixed Veil Proxima Void Storms not rewarding items from its special droptable, like Corrupted Holokeys.
Fixed entering the portal into Follie's Hunt missions while on Merulina resulting in a black screen.
Fixed the Jordas Golem Assassinate node not being unlocked after completing The Jordas Precept quest.
Anyone stuck in this broken state should have access to the node upon logging in!
Fixed a host migration in The Guilty resulting in returning players being put into the wrong arena.
Fixed the Operation: Atramentum Clan Trophy progress not displaying properly in the navigation menu.
Fixed cases of Offering Zones remaining red when no enemies are within during Shrine Defense Infernums in Descendia.
Fixed certain Ephemeras being removed when Gauss Moto uses Redline.
Fixed the Outrider Greaves causing attached waistbands to fall to the ground.
Fixed the Primatura Ephemera's idle VFX not applying to certain meshes.
Fixed Lyon not saying his romance farewell voice lines if you visit him in La Cathėdrale.
Fixed an unnecessary Gear input callout when accessing Follie's Sketchbook in the Arsenal.
Fixed the flickering glass on the Corralizer spawned by Follie's Shadowgraph.
Fixed SFX mix in Follie's Hunt missions to better adhere to volume sliders.
Fixed the Liftbalon Ephemera's diorama being too zoomed in.
Fixed Follie's Prex diorama zooming in and out of the card.
Fixed an edge case where players couldn't reunite the family if they had a certain conversation with Marie after reaching Close.
Fixed the Relay minimap disappearing after talking to Ergo Glast about The Glast Gambit quest but choosing not to start it.
Fixed Follie's Sketchbook canvas not being center aligned on ultrawide screens.
Fixed unnecessary Gear input callout when accessing Follie's Sketchbook in the Arsenal.
Fixed "The Guilty" mission selection button not being localized.
Fixed a script error that would occur if a player disconnected right as their Adversary was about to spawn.
Fixed a script error related to Excavation bounty stages in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed script errors related to various menus.
Fixed a script error related to traps spawned by Mirage's Sleight of Hand and Follie's Shadowgrapher.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCVoruna Prime: Hotfix 42.0.6
**Date:** 2026-04-08T15:01:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.5
**Date:** 2026-04-02T19:08:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Operation: Atramentum — Begins At 3:30pm Et!:
This hotfix brings some behind-the-scenes work for our upcoming Operation: Atramentum. Get ready to squad up with your Clan and complete Shadowgraphs to earn new rewards.
Learn more about this Operation here:
These are changes that were missing notes from Shadowgrapher and subsequent hotfixes.
Reduced the Ducat values of the following Prime Parts from 100 to 65 as their rarity was changed to Uncommon with their Prime Resurgence Relics:
Phantasma Prime Stock
Baruuk Prime Neuroptics
Garuda Prime Systems Blueprint
The built version of this item was already reduced, but the Blueprint was unchanged!
Wisp Prime Chassis
Fixed some areas of the Orbiter being too dark.
Fixed Zariman glass textures not displaying correctly in Dojos with a built Dry Dock.

### Fixes
Fixed missing SFX when picking up Atramentum.
Fixed the Faction information for the Vesper Relay not being localized.
Fixed the Vesper Relay icon being too large, we pinky swear. Third time's the charm?
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.5
**Date:** 2026-04-02T19:08:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.4
**Date:** 2026-03-30T20:12:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Known Issue:
### Changes
Riven Compatibility Script:
Players only have to complete The Descendia from the initial Descend point on Steel Path to earn completion towards The Dark Refractory Steel Path trophy.
Previously, players would have to start and extract from all checkpoints of Descendia (i.e. Marie and Lyon's Sanctuary, and Roathe)
Players will have to recomplete The Descendia to trigger the inbox from Teshin!
Updated phrasing in Truth Flame's description which implied it increased Melee damage instead of Tennokai damage.
Now reads: Tennokai kills grant an additional 4s Tennokai opportunity and increase Tennokai damage.
Removed Spectral Serration from Auto Install logic.
Follie's Lost Spirit Shadowgraph will now prioritize undiscovered Canvases in Follie's Hunt missions.

### Fixes
Fixed certain accounts not being able to earn challenge progress in their first mission of the week. 
Notably this addresses cases of players not seeing progress in Nightwave or 1999 Calendar challenges.
Fixed Grendel Turbis' stomach not opening while casting Feast.
Fixed cases of Follie's Hunt pickups not displaying in the End of Mission screen if players ended the mission while in Transference.
Fixed enemy Follies being able to be spawned by Nekros' Shadows of the Dead.
Fixed Nyx's Mind Control being able to apply to enemy Follies.
Fixed Companions disappearing during The Guilty fight.
Fixed Client Wisps not dealing the damage over time effect from Cataclysmic Gate if their Host has "Reduce Teammate VFX" toggled on.
Fixed resetting The Devil's Triad KIM conversations not registering if you've unlocked all 21 Voice Mails with Roathe until relog.
Fixed Atramentum Challenges not counting the Atramentum earned from Follie's Hunt missions if started from a Relay.
Fixed waypointed Follie's marker persisting on-screen while she is in retreat in Follie's Hunt missions.
Fixed a progression stop if a player joins Descendia on an Infernum with an in-progress race objective.
Fixed some map holes in the Vesper Relay tile.
Fixed armor offset issues on Gauss.
Fixed the Vesper Relay node icon being too large (for real this time).
Fixed some of Aoi's emoticons still appearing too w i d e.
Fixed overlapping text in the Damage Numbers pop-up for various languages.
Fixed a hitch caused when players join an in-progress mission with an active Adversary.
Fixed a hitch related to the Uriel Prex in Descendia missions.
Fixed an issue when dragging brushes onto the canvas in Follie's Sketchbook.
Fixed a possible crash when using Follie's Forced Perspective when entering a portal.
Fixed a script error caused by Primary Debilitate when rewarded from the 1999 Calendar.
Fixed a script error related to Follie's Plein Air.
Fixed a script error when resetting Operator/Drifter cosmetics. 
Fixed a script error when exiting the Operator Equipment screen.
Fixed a rare launcher crash.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.4
**Date:** 2026-03-30T20:12:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.3
**Date:** 2026-03-27T17:03:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed upgrading a Riven in the Upgrade Menu of any weapon variant (Prime, Tenet, Rakta, Vandal, etc.) changing the Riven's compatibility to only be for that specific weapon variant.
Rivens in this state will be fixed in a later hotfix. We need a little bit more time to ensure we can safely revert them to their original compatibility. 
Fixed the Enkaus' unique trait being able to disintegrate enemies with a special state — i.e. Sister Candidates, Thrax Centurions, etc.
Now enemies with a spectral state will have their form triggered faster instead of being skipped.
Enemies like Sister Candidates will no longer be completely dissolved, meaning players can mercy them to spawn a Sister.
Fixed the Syndicate Medallion donation screen slider to use the maximum donation amount instead of total Medallions owned.
Fixed the Styanax Raevuz Skin having a useless "None" Auxiliary attachment.
Fixed various leg armor offsets on the Gauss Moto Skin.
Fixed the Atramentum Balloon VFX lingering after destruction in Follie's Hunt missions.
Fixes towards the Fend-RX Chest Armor using incorrect capitalization in some menus.
Fixed a rare case of players getting logged out if they immediately speak to an NPC in a Hub after logging in.
Fixed a script error in The Guilty.
Fixed a script error in Void Cascade when killing an enemy near an expired Exolizer.
Fixed a script error related to the Martyr Symbiosis Precept.
Fixed a script error related to Excavation bounty objectives in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error related to Follie's Sketchbook.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.3
**Date:** 2026-03-27T17:03:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.2
**Date:** 2026-03-26T19:51:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Enemy Follies in Follie's Hunt are no longer invulnerable.
Players can now damage the hunting Follies. If she reaches low enough health, she'll briefly retreat before starting her hunt again.
Reduced damage from Enemy Follie's Aura by a third in Follie's Hunt.
Atramentum Balloons now reward Atramentum squad-wide when destroyed. 
Decreased the number of Atramentum Balloons that spawn in mission from 15 to 12, so players have less to hunt for.
Increased the amount of Atramentum rewarded at the end of mission to 15 on Normal Path (was 5) and 25 on Steel Path (was 10). 
Note: Atramentum dropped from enemies is not shared squad-wide since it's not guaranteed. 
Improved the visibility of Atramentum Balloons in Follie's Hunt.
Waypoints spawned from killing enemies will now direct to a Canvas if there are no active Canvases in Follie's Hunt.
Inky Walls (from the Drip, Drip, Drip Modifier) in Follie's Hunt will no longer damage and knockdown players who run into them.
Updated lighting in the Vesper Relay to improve visibility during Follie's Hunt missions.
Tendrils who latch onto Operators or Drifters in Follie's Hunt will now immediately die after latching.
Players who were carrying paint and were attacked by a Tendril could often be stuck in a state of limbo if they didn't roll, and using Void Mode would be difficult since they drained energy. 
Fixed the Splattering Touch HUD indicator in Follie's Hunt appearing inconsistently after death/revive.
Fixed a mystery waypoint marker persisting for Clients who join a Follie's Hunt mission that's already in progress.
Fixed a script error related to Grasping Ink in Follie's Hunt.

### Fixes
Today's Hotfix features changes to Follie's Hunt that address player feedback. Specifically that certain mechanics were too punishing and ultimately unfun. We've tackled the biggest pain points you've shared with us and will be watching for your follow up feedback once you get a chance to jump back in. Thank you, Tenno!
Fixed rare cases of the preview weapon for Sisters of Parvos Candidates and Kuva Lich Thralls showing a different weapon than the one they'll receive from their Adversary.
Fixed Sisters of Parvos being able to Influence the Vesper Relay node on Venus.
Fixed completing a Maroo's Treasure Hunt not counting for the Nightwave Animator and Ceres Junction challenges.
Fixed Tauron Strikes not receiving charges from Convergence Orbs until Transference was used if the mission was started via a streaming tunnel.
Fixed the Kickback Sigil applying to Gemini Skin and Operator/Drifter heads.
Also fixed scaling issues on the Operator.
Fixed Dante's Light Verse and Dark Verse icons not displaying in his custom Noctua HUD.
Fixes towards Client Follies not seeing the correct energy color for some of their summoned Shadowgraphs.
Fixed Lost Spirits spawned from Follie's Shadowgraph leading players to Fragments they've already completed.
Fixed Aoi's emoticons in her KIM chat being extra w i d e.
Updated the Veil Proxima icon to include a Murex in the Weekly Initiatives section of the Clan Menu.
Fixed Aspirant Zorba saying certain lines at the wrong time when accessing his vendor menu.
Fixed the Corralizer Armament in Railjack not being able to trigger Arcane Ice Storm.
Fixed the Vesper Relay node being too big.
Fixed the Thermian RPG not having controller rumble feedback upon firing.
Fixed a mastering issue with Follie's ability SFX.
Fixed the Orb Vallis boundary slowdown effect not applying to Necramechs.
Fixed opening the Navigation menu while in the Customization screen for the Operator/Drifter causing UI elements to overlap incorrectly.
Fixed Intel Arc GPUs turning the game "red and whacky" while running DX12.
Fixed rare crash in the launcher that could occur if all cache files were deleted.
Fixed a crash related to ragdolls.
Fixed a script error related to the Enkaus' unique trait.
Fixed a script error related to Qorvex's Chyrinka Pillar.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.2
**Date:** 2026-03-26T19:51:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.1 + 42.0.1.1
**Date:** 2026-03-25T20:34:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
A Note Regarding Follie'S Hunt:
Fixed a crash caused by our tooltip fix in 42.0.1! We've reverted this fix for a quick turnaround.
Added preview images on-hover for the new Damage Number Presets.
Adjusted the thickness of ink enemy VFX as it affected the visibility of Enemy Highlight.
Updated Atramentum's description to indicate it can be traded with Aspirant Zorba.
Fixed Follie's Blueprint missing from Follie's Hunt droptables.
We have reduced the drop rate of Credits to compensate!
Added Follie's Hunt transmissions to the Tutorial Transmission toggle, and tuned transmission frequency overall.
Fixed Follie attempting to sprint if her target starts running in Follie's Hunt.
Also fixed cases of her sometimes going idle instead of chasing a target.
Fixed Follie not picking another target if she downed you in Follie's Hunt.
Fixed various script errors related to Follie's Hunt.

### Fixes
Fixed cases of players crashing upon launching on dual core machines.
Fixed the damage reduction from Follie's Self Portrait being highest when the effigy is smallest, instead of the other way around!
Fixed Loki being able to Switch Teleport the Hunhullus.
Fixed a crash when firing the Enkaus into Mag's Magnetize.
Fixed retired Requiem Relics dropping from Sister Hounds.
Fixed the Tenet Quanta being listed twice in player Profiles / the Codex.
Fixed loss of function when opening the Adversary Relinquish screen in the Codex.
Fixed the Coda Bubonico alt-fire behaving strangely if modded for high fire rate.
Fixed Clients not seeing a Host Follie's Self Portrait if they joined the mission after it was summoned.
Fixed leg armor floating on Follie.
Fixed the Worm Queen Honoria being rewarded if players had 5 Kuva Lich weapons at rank 30 instead of Rank 40.
Fixed an inaccessible Syndicate Medallion spawn location in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed performance issues caused by one of Commandeered Volt Prime's attacks in The Guilty for lower-spec devices.
Fixed Commandeered Ember Prime missing SFX on one of her abilities.
Fixed the Veil Proxima missing its full name in the Weekly Initiatives section of the Clan Menu.
Fixed the Spectral Serration HUD buff indicator remaining permanently on-screen in various cases — such as using Ivara's Prowl and Artemis Bow in a specific order.
Fixed a file path appearing when selecting the "Duplicate Visage Ink" option in the Drifter customization menu.
Fixed balloons in Follie's Ability Diorama not taking her energy colors.
Fixed a misaligned hacking input in a new Perita Rebellion tile.
Fixed an issue with Enkaus' firing VFX.
Fixed a UI offset issue in the Clan Weekly Initiatives menu.
Fixed on-hover tips sometimes being hidden or remaining permanently on-screen after toggling a setting.
Fixed not being able to interact with the Dojo Decoration Zariman Shuttle Bay Column (Panel) after placement.
Fixed minor syntax errors in some of Aspirant Zorba's transmissions to improve legibility.
Fixed some idle animation issues with the Kuva Ghoulsaw.
Fixed a crash caused by players being able to select DLSS when their driver was out of date and/or didn't support it.
Fixed a rare crash when returning to the Railjack.
Fixed a script error caused by Gulgaphor and Kuva Jesters getting freaky. (they can no longer attach to each other, for everyone's benefit)
Fixed a script error related to the Enkaus.
Fixed a script error related to challenge pop-ups.
Fixed a script error related to Martyr Symbiosis.
Fixed a script error caused by Revenant's Reave. 
Fixed a script error related to Void Cascade.
Fixed a script error related to Vauban's Tesla Nervos and Bastille.
Fixed a script error related to the Arctic Eximus' snowglobe ability.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Shadowgrapher: Hotfix 42.0.1 + 42.0.1.1
**Date:** 2026-03-25T20:34:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 42: The Shadowgrapher
**Date:** 2026-03-25T15:03:38Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Kick into high gear with the Gauss Moto Collection. The Saint of Altra enters a new era.
This bundle contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Become a kinetic blur with the turbocharged Gauss Moto. What cannot be hit cannot be killed.
This skin also features custom ability SFX fit for this mecha speedster. And as if this skin couldn't get any cooler, while Redline is active, Gauss Prime's Official Track "Redline" plays! Volume can be adjusted using the "Music Volume" slider in the Audio settings.
Gauss Moto's signature Acceltra rifle skin embodies the philosophy of hitting hard and fast, leaving enemies in the dust.
Sleekly aerodynamic, Gauss Moto's signature Syandana is made for speed.
No speedster's look would be complete without Gauss Moto's signature Signa.
Vast speeds require state-of-the-art plating. Gauss Moto's signature chestplate.
Your profile, endorsed by Gauss Moto.
High speed movement can leave its mark. Gauss Moto's full body signature sigil.
Grendel Turbis drops in for a race.
Equip this emote using the Gear Wheel tab in your Arsenal. This emote can be used by any Warframe.
Beware the howling maw. The imposing silhouette of Grendel Turbis inspires gnawing dread with the opening of his ventral hatch.
This skin also features custom ability SFX fit for a regurgitating robotic killing machine!
Carve through the toughest of meat with Grendel Turbis' signature heavy blade skin.
Prey cannot hide from the piercing gaze of Grendel Turbis' signature Signa.
Be prepared for anything from a firefight to a midnight snack with Grendel Turbis' signature Syandana.
How much armor is too much armor? With Grendel Turbis' signature chestplate, more is more.
The ground trembles to herald your arrival. Grendel Turbis' signature ephemera.
Your profile seems to rumble with the sound of Grendel Turbis' treads... or his stomach.
Gauss Moto drops in to kick it real quick.
Equip this emote using the Gear Wheel tab in your Arsenal. This emote can be used by any Warframe.
Gauss Moto and Grendel Turbis: keep this inseparable odd couple together forever.
Make art your weapon, with the shadowgrapher Follie.
This bundle contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Follie, the merry, macabre Shadowgrapher, brings ink to life. Support her squad and control enemy crowds with a myriad of versatile sketches and tricks.
Turn the enemy's worst nightmare into reality with Follie's signature rifle. The Enkaus will instantly kill and dissolve inked enemies that are damaged at low health. Shooting inked enemies siphons ink back into the Enkaus, allowing for a constant flow of creative destruction.
This alternate helmet for Follie blends colors the way Follie blends reality.
This sleek amp skin is a masterstroke of craftsmanship.
Known Issue: The skin cannot currently be equipped on the Sirocco. We will be fixing that in a future update.
Bring the Follie's Hunt home with this inky balloon.
A bundle of glyphs highlighting various Warframes, created by Community artists!
Community Wukong Glyph by AesopYOLIAN
Community Limbo Glyph by RoboMythos
Community Baruuk Glyph by TBGKaru
Community Mag Glyph by RoyalPrat
Community Follie Glyph by Shiro_Kosh_a
We are continuing our series of bundles
Community Art Packs! These packs focus on various Warframes and characters, with art crafted in the style of community artists.
Learn more about the artists who created the Glyphs, with work-in-progress images, in our article here.
We mentioned some exciting changes coming to Clans with our Clan QoL Dev Workshop. We are calling this collection of changes the Clan Cooperation System as it is our intention to incentivize more cooperative play between Clanmates. We are going to get into greater specifics in the section below.
The Clan Vault Resource Bonus works as follows:
Each player in a squad from the same Clan increases the bonus % of additional resources that will be deposited into the Clan Vault at the end of the mission. 
Two players results in a 10% resource bonus per player
Three players results in a 15% resource bonus per player
A full squad results in an 20% resource bonus per player
The bonus % of additional resources is applied to all eligible resources collected by you and your Clanmates.
All bonus resources are immediately deposited into the Clan Vault upon mission completion.
You can view the resources that your squad has added to your Clan Vault in the end of mission screen.
We believe these bonus resources in your Clan Vault will make it easier than ever to complete Research, fund Dojo rooms, and decorate your Dojos!
Earn additional rewards for yourself through your bonus resource contributions to the Clan Vault via the new Weekly Initiatives system.
Similar to other weekly activities, these Weekly Initiatives will reset every Monday at 0:00 UTC!
Squad up with your Clanmates and complete missions together to progress your own Personal Rewards track to unlock weekly items! Earn progress based on the amount of bonus resources you collect for the Clan Vault with your Clanmates in missions.
Tier 1
25% Progression
Earn one of the following rewards (randomly selected each week).
50x Squad Energy Restore (Large)
50x Squad Health Restore (Large)
12 Neurodes
12 Neural Sensors 
12 Orokin Cells 
1,000 Endo 
5 Mutagen Mass 
5 Detonite Injector 
5 Fieldron 
Anasa Ayatan Sculpture
3 Aya
Tier 2
50% Progression
Earn one of the following rewards (randomly selected each week).
50,000 Credits 
2,000 Endo 
10x Cosmic Specter 
7,000 Kuva 
100 Vosfor 
3 Aya 
Riven Mod 
Forma
Tier 3
75% Progression
Earn one of the following rewards (randomly selected each week).
100,000 Credits 
3,000 Endo 
2x Relic Pack
14,000 Kuva 
200 Vosfor 
5 Aya 
Orokin Reactor
Orokin Catalyst
Tier 4
100% Progression
Earn one of the following rewards (randomly selected each week).
5,000 Endo
21,000 Kuva 
200 Vosfor
Forma (built)
Eidolon Lens Blueprint
Omni Forma (built)
Weekly Personal Rewards are claimed in a similar fashion to Nightwave in that, once you have met the requirements, opening the Clan menu will add the rewards to your inventory. When available to claim, a special icon will appear in the notifications and next to the Communication & Clan buttons in the pause menu.
Each week a specific planet will be randomly chosen to provide a 2x Clan Vault resource bonus for any mission played there. Connect with Clanmates on the specified planet's nodes to maximize your reward progress! The 2x bonus also benefits your progress through the Personal Rewards track.
You will be able to keep track of all of the above from your Clan menu:
View and track your progress for the current Weekly Personal Rewards
View which planet is receiving the 2x Clan Vault resource bonus for the week
To make it easier to connect and play with Clanmates, we are adding a "Clan Only" matchmaking option.
"Clan Only" connects you with fellow Clan or Alliance members. Your fellow Clanmates do not need to be in "Clan Only" matchmaking to join as they will be automatically added as long as they are in public matchmaking. You may still of course invite others to join your squad directly if you so desire. For especially larger Clans it can sometimes be difficult to connect with other Clanmates and we believe this new option will streamline that connection.
We're adding a new Clan Glyph Prism that will display your Clan Emblem! Similar to how the Glyph Prism works, the Clan Glyph Prism projects your Clan's Emblem in mission and is accessible from the Gear Wheel. Whether it's to mark a spot in the Plains of Eidolon or to celebrate dominating a boss, showcase your Clan pride with this new Prism!
Players in Clans will receive this in an Inbox Message upon login. If you create a new Clan or join an existing one, you will receive your Clan Glyph Prism in the same Inbox Message that gives you the Clan Key. Oh and no charges needed, you can spread your Clan love freely as the Clan Glyph Prism has unlimited uses!
Added the following items to Palladino's wares in exchange for Riven Slivers. To help sort through all of her new wares, we've also added a new "Decorations" tab to her vendor menu.
Retired Requiem Relics (Requiem I, II, III, and IIII) — weekly purchase limit of 10 per Relic.
Riven Ciphers — weekly purchase limit of 1. 
Riven Transmuters — weekly purchase limit of 3.
Requiem Ultimatum — weekly purchase limit of 1. 
6,000 Endo — weekly purchase limit of 1.
Iron Wake Captura Scene — no purchase limit. 
Rell's Emotile Displays - no purchase limit:
These Displays feature the Emotile Cards from The Chains of Harrow Quest. 
Rell's Fatigue Emotile
Rell's Surprise Emotile
Rell's Shyness Emotile
Rell's Fear Emotile
Rell's Sadness Emotile
Rell's Pride Emotile
Rell's Anxiety Emotile
Rell's Hunger Emotile
Rell's Happiness Emotile
Rell's Petulance Emotile
Rell's Excitement Emotile
Rell's Embarrassment Emotile
Rell's Disgust Emotile
Rell's Confusion Emotile
Rell's Boredom Emotile
Rell's Anger Emotile

### Changes
The bonus Valence Bonus percentage roll on Kuva Lich and Sisters of Parvos Adversary Weapons is now properly randomized! 
Previously, the roll was weighted towards lower values, meaning a lot of progenitor runs for slim chance at a high percentage Valence Bonus. 
Now, it is entirely randomized to give players equal chance across the bonus range.
This information has been all but lost to the tomes of time... You'll have to figure out how to unlock this one all by yourself.
The Guilty was designed with Tauron Strikes in mind, and will likely be quite difficult without them. We welcome any feedback you have around Tauron Strikes and how useful they are in The Guilty.
A total of 44 new Honoria are here for you to flaunt the depth of your Warframe experiences. For the sake of keeping the excitement of the community discovering the majority of them, we will not be listing out every new Honoria in detail (with the exception of the list that follows). But we will give you a few hints:
Follie's Hunt 
Adversary Weapons 
The Guilty 
Operation Atramentum (Begins April 2nd)
Show your loyalty with new Faction Syndicate Honoria! Acquire the following for Standing in a Syndicate's Offerings:
Seeker of Truth |NAME| - Arbiters of Hexis 
Thirst for Knowledge |NAME| - Cephalon Suda 
Defender of the Earth |NAME| - New Loka 
|NAME| Eradicator of Corruption - Red Veil 
|NAME| Liberated Grineer - Steel Meridian 
Diplomatic Merchant |NAME| - The Perrin Sequence
These are automatically given upon reaching the following Mastery Ranks. If you have already achieved these ranks, they have been retroactively added to your account.
Initiate |NAME| - Mastery Rank 1 
Novice |NAME| - Mastery Rank 4
Disciple |NAME| - Mastery Rank 7
Seeker |NAME| - Mastery Rank 10 
Hunter |NAME| - Mastery Rank 13
Eagle |NAME| - Mastery Rank 16 
Tiger |NAME| - Mastery Rank 19
Dragon |NAME| - Mastery Rank 22
Sage |NAME| - Mastery Rank 25
Master |NAME| - Mastery Rank 28
True Master |NAME| - Mastery Rank 30
Acquire the following Warframe-inspired Honoria from Roathe in La Cathédrale, on Deimos - can you guess which Warframe is who?
Matron of Malaise |NAME| - 250 Judgement Points 
|NAME| Marauder of the Deep - 310 Fish Meat 
The Scarlet Queen |NAME| - 130 Amarast 
|NAME| Saint of Altra - 110 Sentrium 
|NAME| Who Devours All - 110 Common Condroc Tag
|NAME| The Warden of Alchemy - 110 Xenorhast 
The Heir of Two Kingdoms |NAME| - 50 Narmer Isoplast 
Heart of Concrete |NAME| - 470 Stela 
|NAME| Oblivion's Kiss - 2,600 Höllvania Pitchweave Fragment 
Conscience Painter |NAME| - 1000 Atramentum
Acquire the following Honoria by owning the associated Prime Warframes. Whether you purchased or crafted Grendel Prime and/or Gauss Prime before the update, these Honoria will be automatically given on login.
The Gallant Gourmand |NAME|
Own Grendel Prime 
|NAME| Messenger of Long Forgotten Gods
Own Gauss Prime
If you do not own Grendel Prime or Gauss Prime, they will be available from Prime Resurgence on April 16th! Visit Varzia for access to purchase them with Regal Aya or acquire their Relics for Aya.
More Prime Warframe Honoria to come in the future!
We've loved seeing you experiment with the remastered Operator and Drifter after the release of The Old Peace! In response to player feedback for more face options and as a continued effort to improve the customization experience, we've added even more features for you to find the perfect look.
Added 10 new Operator & Drifter faces 
Visage 15
Visage 18
Visage 33
Visage 39
Visage 44
Visage 57
Visage 70
Visage 73
Visage 82
Visage 92
Added 2 new eyebrow styles
Brow E8-C
Brow 61-T
Added 7 new complexions
Complexion N-5
Complexion O-93
Complexion PT-4
Complexion Q-40
Complexion R-10
Complexion S-33
Complexion T-68
Added the ability to Duplicate the following Operator/Drifter categories so that players can apply these features to other Appearance Config slots: 
Hair/Beard style 
Makeup 
Drifter Visage Inks 
Operator Markings 
Removed tooltip popups on Operator/Drifter Hair, Beards, and Tattoos/Visage Inks. 
They were blocking view to your Operator/Drifter, and since they have virtually all the same descriptions we felt they weren't necessary anymore. 
Improved torso meshes on the Drifter/Operator Keeler Suit. 
Fixed the hair clips in Aoi's Hairstyle and the glasses in Minerva's Hairstyle not taking the tints from Operator/Drifter facial accessories. 
Fixed the Lone Ranger Emote distorting Gemini Skins and Operator/Drifter's faces. 
Fixed Visage Ink slider changes applying across all Drifter Configs. 
Fixed proportions of the Drifter male Tauron Prime Regalia Suit. 
Fixed Drifter's teeth sticking through upper lip in The Hex Finale diorama. 
Fixed deformation issues that could happen with the Operator Body Type 1's neck and torso meshes. 
Fixed offset issues with the Vetala Prime Shoulder Armor when equipped on Drifter.
It's only right that our artist-themed update comes with new TennoGen creations from community artists! This is also the launch of the first TennoGen Signas!
A unique skin for Styanax, designed by malaya and Xtygian.
A unique skin for Nova, designed by Royalprat and blazingcobalt.
A unique hammer skin, designed by Vhynnz.
A TennoGen Signa, designed by led2012 and daemonstar.
A TennoGen Signa, designed by Ventralhound.
For generations you've slept. No purpose. No call to wake you.
The Awakening is players first quest in Warframe, where they learn the basics of combat and movement and meet some key characters. This quest is crucial to the new player experience, which is why we've made improvements to the flow, tutorial elements, and completely remastered it from top to bottom for a truly exhilarating and visually stunning introduction to the game!
A reminder that the Awakening can be replayed from the Codex for those who are looking to experience the remaster and relive their early Tenno days.
Added entirely new tiles throughout the quest and updated level design to improve progression experience through quest. Awaken and fight through remastered Earth tiles that transition from your start at the decrepit Orokin tower into an Ostron town ablaze by the Grineer. 
Added new skyboxes!
Updated the entirety of the Quest with GI lighting and volumetric fog.
Note: The daytime lightning we showed on Devstream 192 was returned to nighttime for better parity with the intro cinematic before gameplay. 
Added dynamic weather changes in the intro sequence with rain.
Added destructible objects throughout. Because who doesn't love to break stuff.
The following changes were made with the goal of making each moment feel exciting and punchier, while also ensuring we are properly teaching new players the game in a fun and rewarding way. We want players spending less time running around to get to the next waypoint and more time fully immersed in the action as they learn. So we've made the following changes to achieve that:
Moved the sprint and jump tutorial popup earlier upon exiting the Orokin tower and moved the Melee weapon selection closer to the entrance, so that new players have a more immediate interaction with the movement system and combat. 
The first instance of combat in the Melee tutorial now happens much closer to where new players pick their Melee weapon. 
Also improved visual cues to communicate that combat has begun with the drop ship flying into the scene within the player's view, instead of at a distance in the previous version. 
Spaced the jump tutorial stages further apart to better explain single and double jumps.
Shortened the path from the slide tutorial sequence to attacking an enemy to really make that moment feel heroic! 
Improved the overall combat sequence during the Secondary weapon tutorial with the new Ostron village arena that tightens engagement distance to the enemies, which was previously too far. 
Shortened the trek from the Ostron village to the bullet jumping tutorial significantly. 
Changed the bullet jumping tutorials to occur in areas that are more conducive to bullet jumping: 
The basic Bullet Jump tutorial now occurs in an area (with many beautiful waterfalls might I add) where you bullet jump from platform to platform. 
Within this area, we also added a new tutorial popup to explain how to Bullet Jump UP to reach platforms above you. 
The Bullet Jump + Slide tutorial area now occurs on a flat surface instead of slope. 
Previously, the Bullet Jump + Slide tutorial popup occurred in an uphill tunnel, which made it feel sluggish and didn't properly communicate how beneficial it is.
Now, in the updated area, players will get a proper feel for the momentum you get by accomplishing this set of movements. 
Added tutorial popup to teach players that Bullet Jumping repeatedly will help them move faster. 
Moved the "release the lockdown" console closer to the doors upon exiting the Captain Vor fight and made it a single button interaction instead of needing to hack it. 
Added more exploding barrels to the combat segment that follows acquiring a Primary weapon for a fun impact moment. 
Ship defense segment changes:
Added Lotus transmission upon seeing the Liset Landing Craft to explain that it needs power and needs to be activated via the marked console. 
Previously, only the marker appeared without explanation as to what the player was doing by activating it before doing so. 
This segment now takes place in an entirely new tile with a layout that improves visibility of enemies and engagement distance.
The previous tile took place on a platform with various surfaces of different elevations around it, which made combat feel distant and wasn't conducive to players testing out all the new skills they just learned. 
Added the following tutorial messages while defending the ship to remind players what they've learned: 
How to swap between weapons 
How to melee 
How to use your first ability
Added new music! Including The Awakening Somachord Track, which you can listen to in the video below (volume warning).
The Awakening Music.mp4Unavailable
Made several sound updates to the intro cinematic. 
Improved the environment ambience.
Every single Lotus line in the quest has been re-recorded! 
Transmission pacing has been polished.
Updated all cinematic SFX. 
Updated the UI SFX throughout the quest. 
Updated the Weapon pickup SFX. 
Updated Captain Vor's ability SFX. 
Refreshed all weapons' SFX.
Captain Vor Difficulty Changes:
Removed the old damage attenuation (that we no longer use) from Captain Vor and increased his Shields to improve the combat duration. 
Removed Status Effects from Captain Vor's weapons and abilities. 
Volt's passive now resets at the beginning of the fight so that Vor can't be immediately one-shot. 
Removed Status Effects from some enemy weapons as they were difficult to navigate for new players.
Improved Captain Vor's beam VFX. 
Held weapons are now hidden during Captain Vor's intro cutscene. 
Fixed Volt's Diorama's VFX in the Awakening selection screen not matching the appropriate energy color.
Fixed the Update Highlights option appearing in the pause menu during the first playthrough of the Awakening quest.
We've polished many of Warframe's most memorable Quests by fixing bugs to improve the overall experience!
Fixed various cases of objective waypoints appearing white instead of yellow in Quests.
Fixed waypoint that directs players to the path forward after triggering the alarm of the Spy Vault in the first Vor's Prize mission appearing again even after completing the objective. 
Fixed fan blades unintentionally remaining on a destructible fan in Vor's Prize.
Fixed a sudden camera movement when interacting with the Foundry Segment during Vor's Prize.
Fixed the Vinquibus not unequipping properly from both Primary and Melee slots after receiving the Thornbak during The Teacher Quest. 
Fixed the instructions icon in the Modding screen in The Teacher Quest flashing through the tutorial popups.
Fixed a map texture hole and a stretched decal in Teshin's Dojo in The Teacher quest. 
Made the following changes to The Teacher Quest "Applied Learning" stage to improve the Dissolve tutorial:
The error message when attempting to Dissolve an equipped mod will now occur at the time of selecting it, instead of when attempting to dissolve it. 
The mod selection popup will now remain on screen until the player has selected 2 or more. 
Fixed a function loss and progression stop when replaying The War Within with upgraded weapons and Arcanes.
The New Strange "Paying with Synthesis" stage changes and fixes:
Updated the objective text of the "Paying with Synthesis" stage to better explain exactly what players need to scan, how, and where: 
Was: "Equip Synthesis Scanners in your Gear Wheel and synthesize 3 Sanctuary Targets"
Now: "Equip Synthesis Scanners in your Gear Wheel and synthesize 3 Arid Lancer Synthesis Targets on Mars"
Made fixes towards Synthesis scans not counting towards quest progression. 
Fixed the "return to ship" objective disappearing after returning to the Relay after completing the stage. 
Fixed a cinematic in The Sacrifice where the Operator does not render correctly.
Fixed two Exalted Blades appearing in the final cinematic of The Sacrifice Quest if you have it active when it begins. 
Fixed the Operator's torso missing for a moment in a cutscene in the Sacrifice quest. 
Fixed some Operator facial accessories being visible during cutscene in The Sacrifice quest. 
Fixed Captain Vala Glarios having red hair instead of her intended brown in the Call of the Tempestarii Quest.
Fixed Rell being stuck in a broken animation state when chasing you in The Chains of Harrow quest.
Fixed a rare edge-case where the incorrect Transference keybinding appears in The Chains of Harrow quest. 
Fixed Operators being able to clip through map and into objects via Void Sling in the "She Gives, We Live" stage of The New War Quest. 
Fixed a couple instances where the Operator and their Doppleganger incorrectly wear custom cosmetics in The New War quest.
Fixed Veso-R's ability banners being blank in The New War quest.
Fixed unintended camera movements during a cinematic in The New War quest.
Fixed Archon Nira's projectile damage unintentionally killing players instantly during The New War quest.
Fixed Cephalon Melica only appearing on a small section of a broken screen during The New War quest. 
Fixed a black VFX overlay blocking a portion of a cinematic in The New War quest.
Fixed a rare instance of a Lotus transmission incorrectly playing during The New War intro cinematic.
Fixed the blinking VFX on Archon Hunt nodes being offset in The New War Quest. 
Fixed cases of Narmer Deacons being able to spawn off the edge of the map in The New War quest. 
Fixed Ostron in the "She Gives, We Live" stage of The New War quest getting stuck looping animations. 
Fixed Deacons spawning and floating away from the platform in the final stage of The New War quest. 
Fixed Veso's Shield Drones in The New War quest spawning facing the wrong way. 
Fixed a progression stop and function loss when manually using Transference during the final segment of The New War quest.
Fixed more cases of the Typholyst getting stuck in ground and falling out of map in The New War Quest. 
Fixed Veso flipping counter-clockwise instead of clockwise while roll-dodging right in The New War quest.
Fixed a progression stop where Kahl is unable to destroy the Tether Node in the Veilbreaker quest.
Fixed Veilbreaker missing quest stage information in the Tenno Guide.
Fixed Character Highlights remaining active on Drifter during cutscenes in The Duviri Paradox quest.
Fixed a second static Warframe overlapping kneeling Warframes in Teshin's Cave during the Duviri Paradox quest. 
Fixed a VFX issue in the Netracell mission during The Whispers in the Walls quest.
Fixed the Lotus' animation being frozen until players approach her in the Lotus Eaters quest. 
Fixed ally Character Highlights applying to the Operator, Drifter, and Lotus in the Lotus Eaters quest. 
Fixed Operators mouths not moving in transmissions during the Angels of the Zariman quest. 
Fixed hidden Holdfast vendor dialogue being triggered during the Angels of the Zariman quest. 
Fixed a default texture appearing in the Tunnel sequence in The Hex quest.
Fixed visible hitching in a cinematic in The Hex quest.
Fixed Juggernaut in the Jade Shadows Quest only performing its stomp attack when the player is visible. It will now do a stomp attack when taking damage (even if the player is invisible). 
Fixed blending issues with Captain Xeto's makeup and tattoo textures in the Jade Shadows Quest. 
Fixed Uriel's Demons breaking the Jade Shadows quest and preventing players from progressing past the Bioplasma stage. 
Fixed missing emotion on the Operator's face during the end stage of The Old Peace quest. 
Fixed aborting The Old Peace quest during the end stage resulting in Uriel being listed in the End of Mission screen. 
Slightly adjusted the gain in the pulse SFX for the Somatic Bearers in The Old Peace Quest.
You may have to go searching, but once you're in close proximity a waypoint will show you precisely where it can be found. You can also use treasure hunting abilities, such as Golden Instinct or Orokin Eye to help find Security Bypasses!
Once you have a Security Bypass, a console will be marked with a waypoint for delivery. Insert the Security Bypass into the console, and for one minute time will move twice as fast! This functionally acts as a 1-minute time save for every Security Bypass you insert!
Please note that the new Security Bypass system does not affect Duviri versions of Survival, Hell-Scrub missions in Höllvania, or Survival missions in Albrecht's Laboratories.
Reactant drops in Survival Fissure missions are doubled for the duration of the Security Bypass.
We've heard your feedback on Excavators being too weak, and are happy to say they'll survive better than ever before! Excavators across the Origin System have had a few improvements to help keep them alive longer:
Excavators spawn with 3 seconds of temporary invulnerability, ensuring the Excavator is fully initialized before it becomes vulnerable.
Excavator Shields now apply shield-gating, making them survive longer by default and making delivery of Power Cells to restore shields more impactful.
Excavators have increased base Health (from 1500 to 2000), and scale much more aggressively to enemy levels. This should mean your Steel Path Excavators have significantly more health!
Duviri Excavators already had increased health, which has now been standardized to match Excavators in the Origin System.
Added tutorial hints in Excavation missions to better explain mechanics: 
Added tutorial transmissions to all Star Chart Excavation missions, Orb Vallis Excavation Bounty phases and the Vox Solaris Quest that explains why Excavator progress has halted and that it needs Power Cells to continue. 
These transmissions can be turned on/off using the "Mission Tutorial Transmissions" toggle in the Audio options. 
Any time an Excavator is without power for 5 seconds, yellow objective text will appear to explain what needs to be done to continue progress (includes an icon of what a Power Cell looks like). 
If the Excavator is without power for 30 seconds (15 in the Vox Solaris Quest), a HUD message in the center of the screen will appear once per mission informing that it needs power.
With Shadowgrapher, we have reviewed the acquisition path for various older pieces of equipment. Our focus was on content that has existed in-game for 5+ years — our "grind" philosophy has slowly changed in that time, so the following changes bring that content closer to our modern-day design.
For changes that touch droptables, some percentages on other rewards like relics and mods might have changed slightly. This list will only note cases where drops have been added or removed, but rest assured that we have taken care not to reduce the drop rate of anything particularly important or valuable! Please review our Official Drop Table Site for a comprehensive look of all drop rate changes.
Reduced the build time on Excalibur, Volt and Mag blueprints from 72 hours to 24 hours.
Defeating Tyl Regor now rewards two Equinox Component Blueprints — one guaranteed for the Night and Day Aspect each.
Added Nidus' Blueprints to all Infested Salvage rotations.
Now Rotation A and Rotation B also drop his Neuroptics, Systems, and Chassis Blueprints, though Rotation C still has the best odds!
Removed the 150 Endo bundle and the following Mods from the mission drop table in the process: Shocking Touch, Deep Freeze, North Wind, Hornet Strike, and Reflex Coil.
Added Ivara's main Blueprint to the Market, and increased her Component Blueprint drop rates to 22.56% from Star Chart Spy Vaults.
Increased Ivara Component drop rates to 36% in Railjack Spy Vault droptables.
Removed Ivara's main Blueprint from Spy Vault and Veil Proxima Spy droptables.
Also removed Ivara's Chassis Blueprint from Lua Spy drop tables, increasing the drop chances for Rime Rounds and Scattering Inferno.
Spy Vault drop tables were adjusted as follows to compensate for her drop rate changes:
Removed Arrow Mutation, Sniper Ammo Mutation, and Shotgun Ammo Mutation from High Tier Spy Vault drop tables.
Removed Metal Auger from Medium Tier Spy Vault drop tables. 
Removed Endo from Railjack Spy Vault drop tables.
Added Khora's main Blueprint to the Market, and added her Component Blueprints to all Sanctuary Onslaught Rotations. 
Added Synthetic Eidolon Shards to Rotation A to help balance tables.
Removed Khora's Main Blueprint from Sanctuary Onslaught droptables. 
Added the Braton Vandal and Lato Vandal blueprints and components to all Elite Sanctuary Onslaught Rotations. 
Moved Peculiar Growth to Rotation B as a rare reward to help balance Sanctuary Onslaught drop tables. 
Doubled the drop chance of the Korrudo Blueprint from Tusk Thumper Bulls and Domas.
Doubled the drop chance of the Akarius Blueprint and Acceltra Blueprint from Demolisher Infested.
Added the following items to Necraloid's Wares in the Necralisk:
Arum Spinosa's Blueprint and Components (available at Clearance: Modus).
Sporothrix's Blueprint and Components (available at Clearance: Odima).
Wolf Sledge's Blueprint and Components now share an even 25% drop chance from the Wolf of Saturn Six.
Players who have unlocked Kuva Liches (completed The War Within and have reached Mastery Rank 5) will receive 8 Requiem Eterna Relics via inbox message on login.
We added several new settings to improve the Captura experience!
Added falloff sliders to the lighting options:
Main Falloff
Fill Falloff 
Rim Falloff 
Added the following options to the enemy Spawner screen (accessed from the "Spawn Enemies" option):
Spawn at Camera Position 
Attack Player 
Pursue Player
If toggled on, enemies will chase after you. 
If toggled off, enemies will remain in their spawn position. 
Added Reset Enemies option to reset the position and state of the last spawned enemies. 
Added Remove Nearest Enemy option - this will despawn enemies that are closest to your character. If there are multiple enemies, it will remove them one by one prioritizing the closest ones first.
The Arctic Eximus has a unique application of the Cold Status effect. Under the previous system, the Arctic Eximus' slowdown aura was invisible and much larger than their Globe suggested. Multiple Arctic Eximus auras could also overlap and apply their slowdown exponentially which made playing against them frustrating. To address this and to add more clarity to how their effects function we have made the following changes:
Arctic Eximus enemies no longer have an invisible slowdown aura, instead the area of effect of their Cold Status is limited to the inside of their Globe.
Arctic Eximus enemies now apply one stack of Cold Status per second if a player is inside their Globe.
While inside of their Globe, Cold Status will stack up to 4 times for Players without duration.
Cold Status from the Arctic Eximus is immediately removed if you leave the Globe, destroy the Globe, or kill the Eximus.
We believe that these changes will make taking on these enemies more engaging and will also reduce the frustration that may arise from being held in place by status effects. As with any change we are open to your feedback on this rework.
We've made improvements to mantling over surfaces so that it is faster and much more fluid!
Shadowgrapher_Mantle Improvements.mp4Unavailable
Added new mantle animations to Warframes to improve the transition to mantle surfaces. 
These new animations are Warframe-only and do not apply to Drifter/Operator as they do not have the same parkour speed and capabilities as their Transference counterparts. 
Improved vault up/over logic to better detect if there's a ledge to mantle and automatically give a small jump to get up to the ledge. 
Improve the speed at which a mantle triggers so that there's less delay between reaching a ledge and starting a mantle. 
Mantle animation can now be canceled by crouching/sliding. 
It will only interrupt the mantle at the time the binding is used and not while it is being held. 
Improved how and when mantling triggers when performing other parkour movements around mantle surfaces. 
Mantling is now possible while aim gliding. 
Fixed an issue where the mantle animation would occur during ability casting animation and teleport you back to where the mantle occurred. 
To prevent this, mantles will not trigger during casting animations anymore. 
Drifter mantle improvements: 
Drifter no longer plays that front flip up animation when mantling. 
This animation would occur randomly and could make the transition feel clunky. 
Fixed Drifter getting stuck up high when mantling.
Added Damage Number Presets to the HUD settings: Default, Condensed, and Minimal
These Presets offer players a quick way to refine their Damage Number appearance if they don't want to fiddle with individual settings. 
Default: Full numbers, opacity and scale. 
Condensed: Long numbers are truncated, number scale is smaller. 
Minimal: Smaller number scale and reduced opacity, and truncated numbers. 
Also added a one-time pop-up at the end of a mission if players deal over 100,000 damage that explains the damage number options available to them.

Improved Damage Number clustering for fast-firing weapons with Enhanced Damage Numbers enabled. 
Now, new damage instances will push their numbers further away from the reticle to improve visibility on the target.
Also fixed cases of damage numbers appearing to fly outside of your screen with extreme zoom (8x Sniper Scopes, etc.).
Ranged Exalted Weapons (ex: Cyte 09's Neutralizer, Ivara's Artemis Bow, etc.) now use regular damage numbers with ability damage colors for non-critical hits. 
Previously, Exalted damage could get very noisy when used on fast firing weapons so we've changed the numbers to improve readability.
Harrow's Thurible energy per kill channeling now benefits from damage-over-time kills that were triggered by shooting an enemy in the head (similar to Cyte-09's Evade). 
Oraxia's Scuttlers and Inaros' Swarm Kavats now scale to the level of the enemy they were created from instead of defaulting to the mission level. 
Tauron Strikes now break destructible environment objects! 
Made the following changes to Volt's abilities: 
Speed's increase to squadmates' movement speed is now capped at 150% (remains uncapped for Volt). 
This change was made after seeing consistent complaints from players about receiving the buff when they do not want it. We will however be watching for feedback to gauge player preference. 
Friendly NPCs are not affected by this cap. 
In addition to picking up Electric Shield with the context action, you can now also hold to cast for the shield to spawn in its mobile mode. 
If this is done while already holding a shield, you will drop the existing one and it'll be replaced by the new one. 
Made the following changes and fixes to Vauban's passive:
The damage bonus now applies to all Electricity and Heat Status Effects!
Electricity:
Previously, with the launch of Vauban's retouch the passive only applied to the Electricity Status from his Tesla Nervos, but we intended for it to apply to other forms of incapacitation. 
Now, when enemies are actively in the Electricity stun animation from any source, the passive will apply. 
Heat: The passive triggers from enemies incapacitated by the panic animation. 
Clarification on how Cold Status triggers the passive: Enemies need to be frozen solid (10 stacks) for the passive to consider them incapacitated. 
The HUD buff will now show as x1.25 instead of percentage.
As mentioned with the Vauban Heirloom release, our hope was to ship the full version of his Passive changes with his Retouch, but due to technical constraints we have released them now! 
Made the following changes to how Elemental Ammo is prioritized between Warframes with associated abilities. 
Oraxia's Toxin buff from Silken Stride is now prioritized over Cyte-09's Resupply and Uriel's Runes. 
This also fixes the issue of Silken Stride's Toxin buff getting removed and not being restored after Uriel's Demonium Rune buff expires. 
Cyte-09's Resupply is now prioritized the same as Uriel's Demonium. 
Previously, Demonium would completely override and clear the selected Elemental ammo from Cyte-09's Resupply. 
Now, whichever one you picked up last will decide the active Elemental buff. 
So if you pick up a Rune and then a Resupply pack, it will swap from the Rune buff to Resupply's buff and vice versa. 
Additionally, if you pick up a Resupply pack while Uriel's Demonium Rune buff is active, it will swap to Resupply's Elemental damage. But if the Rune buff is still active at the time that you reload/empty the clip, it will apply once more. 
Known issue: Clients using Sobek's Acid Shells Augment do not apply Resupply's elemental damage. This requires further investigation from the team to address. 
Updated Vauban's Bastille ability description to better explain the rework.
Now reads: "Erect a containment field to capture enemies and suspend them in stasis, stripping their armor and granting it to Vauban and any allies within Bastille's field."
Made the following changes to the audio muffling effect when using invisibility Warframes (Cyte-09, Oraxia, Loki, and Ivara) with player feedback that it can be irritating over a sustained period of time:
Slightly reduced the intensity of the invisible audio muffling across the board. 
Player weapons (Primary, Secondary, and Melee) will no longer be muffled while invisible. 
Updated the description of Zid-An Asheir Arcane to specify that you get the Status Chance buff from Operator OR Tauron Strike kill (previously said "and", which was causing confusion).
Made the following changes to the Perita Rebellion tileset:
Added three new Perita Rebellion tiles to the tileset generation!
Added a glow to cave entrances to make them more obvious/visible, as they were previously rather difficult to spot. 
We also improved the objective marker pathing to cave entrance.
Volt Prime's shield weak points now charge Incarnon weapons in The Perita Rebellion Vanguard fight.
Turned up the heat of Roathe's Demonium in the Descendia fight - added more projectiles, increased the damage and made the radius bigger to encourage players to engage with the dome more. 
Removed Commandeered Ash Prime's Smoke Screen instakill attack in The Perita Rebellion. 
This was clearly an unfair ability as players could not see Ash while he was attacking.
Commandeered Ash Prime no longer marks Companions during one of his attacks.
The "Skip Cinematic" popup will now change locations on the screen to avoid it covering important visuals in the cinematic. 
Extraction markers in non-endless missions will now pulse every 30 seconds to make them more noticeable. 
Increased the number of Status Effects per line on Boss Health Bars. 
Updated the in-world pickup meshes for the following Resources to match their icons (they were previously using the generic resource drop model):
Oxium 
Tellurium
Mutagen Sample 
Detonite Ampule 
Fieldron Sample 
Steel Essence 
Resource icons now appear in the Vendor purchase confirmation screen.
Stat windows in the UI that are 20+ lines long will now automatically move stats to a tabbed second page to improve readability.
Updated the Platinum purchase page in the Market with a new diorama that features your Warframe leaning against a tower of Platinum.

Updated the Junction Task UI to clearly indicate Tasks vs. Rewards to better communicate each column's contents.
We have made the following game-wide graphics improvements! Note that these changes will not appear if shaders are set to low.
This also fixes issues with dark halos, which is most noticeable in this picture by the gold details, which have a more visual pop now!
We've also improved reflections on metals to be sharper so that the objects reflected on those surfaces are more visible/identifiable.
Teshin's Steel Path "mission start" and "mission complete" transmissions can now be toggled by the Mission Tutorial Transmissions in Options > Audio. 
Updated the following Grineer units with updated materials, textures and faces (new skin shaders, etc!):
Grineer Lancer
Grineer Ballista 
Grineer Butcher
Grineer Shield Lancer
Hovering over the Total Kills stat in the end of mission stats will now show a breakdown of each enemy unit killed and the amount (yours and your squadmates!)

The following weekly Nightwave Acts will no longer appear in the first week of a new Nightwave season (new seasons typically begins mid week and players might have already completed these acts earlier on after the weekly reset):
Good Friend
Help Clem with his weekly mission
Sortie Expert
Complete 3 Sorties
Archon Hunter
Complete an Archon Hunt 
Test Subject
Complete a run of Deep Archimedea or Temporal Archimedea.
The Many Made Whole
Exchange 10 Riven Slivers for a Riven Mod
Animator
Look for Ayatan Treasures for Maroo in Maroo's Bazaar.
Adjusted the size and placement of the Malaen Ephemera while in Archwing to avoid visibility issues.
Updated the Uranus Junction Survival task to indicate that it must be completed in a single mission. 
Now reads: "Complete 20 minutes of Survival at Titan (Saturn) in one mission."
Updated the Sanctum Anatomica Disruption challenge description to better explain what is required.
Now reads: "To conquer the Murmur you must first master the art of multi-tasking. Activate 2 Conduits within 30s of each other twice." 
Improved leaf shapes of bushes in Plains of Eidolon when viewed from a distance. 
Improved vegetation ghosting by fixing holes in the motion vectors. 
Improved the Gemini Emotes' camera transitions. 
Improved rendering of the ivy in the Zariman tileset. 
Updated the clover textures in the ground foliage in the Plains of Eidolon. 
Updated the blood decal textures! 
Improved fog quality in the Strata Relay. 
Refactored chat server connection code for PC in preparation for fixes for chat issues on platforms to come in the next Cert update.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to shaders, particularly when High Shader Quality was disabled.
Optimized GPU particle shader permutations.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading and streaming.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory footprint for all platforms.
Made minor optimizations to mirror visibility culling performance and precision.
Made systemic micro-optimization to certain types of object rendering. 
Made modest optimizations to engine start time. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to general performance.
Slightly improved handling of corrupt shaders when running DirectX 11. 
Optimized memory for DirectX 12. 
Optimized texture streaming memory usage for things with cull-distance set that have never been rendered.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to rendering performance on all platforms. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the script runtime. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to code-gen throughout the whole engine.
Made a small optimization to preprocessing on cache share servers. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory for all platforms. 
Made tiny optimizations to memory footprint load-time for the front-end.
Optimized collision on Deimos. 
Optimized some Höllvania collision meshes.
Fixed spot-loading in hubs caused by Operator customizations. 
Fixed more cases of excessive spot-loading in The Index caused by ally Specters. 
Fixed a potential FX/script leak in the Höllvania Tileset
Fixed performance issues caused by Scaldra Eradicator gas clouds remaining permanently in Höllvania missions. Fixed performance issues caused by the Techrot Babau Eximus' ability FX. 
Fixed a performance issue in the H-09 Efervon Tank assassination mission in Höllvania 
Fixed a performance issue that could occur if the Optimism sticker was equipped in Temporal Archimedea.
Fixed a performance issue when clicking on the Dragon Stone Bundle in the Market.
Fixed a hitch when the Doppelganger appears in your Base of Operations. 
Fixed texture and mesh prefetching when loading the game to your Base of Operations. 
Fixed Client experiencing large hitch when Host leaves an Open Landscape mission while Client is trying to join. 
This also fixes issues where Clients were getting stuck in Open Landscapes after Host leaves while a Client is joining the in progress mission. 
Made small optimizations to the sound system. 
Fixed a case of spot-loading at the end of a mission if the mission started while you had unsaved Loadout changes. 
Fixed performance issues caused by loading Railjack turrets. 
Fixed performance issues caused by interacting with the mirror in Teshin's Cave. 
Made minor optimization to the POM-2 KIM dialogue resources. 
Made performance improvements to Relays. 
Fixed performance issues caused by Jade's Glory on High ability. 
Fixed performance issues caused by the Cantic Amp Prism. 
Fixed performance issues caused by the Dactolyst's attacks in The Perita Rebellion and The Old Peace quest.

### Fixes
A mysterious painting casts a shadow over the Origin System from the ruins of the Vesper Relay, beckoning you to reveal its secrets. Return to Venus and enter a canvas of chaos, where a tragic history long lost to the shadows is waiting to be illuminated.
Slam down on the accelerator and let that maw howl with the new Gauss Moto and Grendel Turbis Collections! Get it all in the Eat & Run Collection, featuring their deluxe skins, Syandanas, Signas, Emotes and more.
Unleash mayhem with three new Adversary Weapons! The Kuva Ghoulsaw, Tenet Quanta and Coda Bubonico are here and can be acquired through their respective Adversaries. Now we're sure you're wondering... and yes your Kuva Lich can ride on the Kuva Ghoulsaw. But they will do so as a charge attack, so watch your ankles!
This update's canvas is saturated with many Quality of Life strokes!
Including our new Clan cooperation system which rewards you and your clan mates for playing together through weekly initiatives.
Speed up Survival missions with the new Security Bypass pickups and enjoy more resilient Excavators in Excavation missions.
We've also reduced the grind for many Warframes and weapons that are over 5 years old to make their acquisition a much smoother process.
And so much more!
Read our Quality of Life Changes section for the full list.
But that's not all!
You might want to put down some drop cloths to catch all the new goods dripping from the walls.
The Awakening Quest has received a top to bottom visual remaster, which has been coupled with flow and tutorial changes to improve the new player experience.
Palladino's Wares have been expanded to include Riven Ciphers, Riven Transmuters, Requiem Ultimatum and more!
TennoGen Shadowgrapher brings new community artist creations featuring Styanax and Nova Skins and the first ever TennoGen-created Signas.
We've added even more Operator and Drifter faces, eyebrows and complexions!
Source your next title with a plethora of new Honoria, including Warframe-themed ones.
There are also several more pages dedicated to changes and fixes!
We hope you enjoy all that The Shadowgrapher has to offer! Thank you, Tenno.
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Update 41: The Old Peace is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the dedicated Shadowgrapher subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
PC DirectX 11: ~2.39 GB
PC DirectX 12: ~3.04 GB*
*Note on DirectX12 optimizations (expand spoiler):
Reveal hidden contents
This update includes substantial optimizations to the DirectX 12 shader cache and VRAM usage.
On large levels we saw over a 100MB reduction in total allocations, so when streaming large textures like GI lighting volumes this may reduce small hitches.
If you have DirectX 12 enabled in the launcher it will likely offer to optimize your install to save 1GB or more.
If you do not have DirectX 12 enabled but would like to try it out, click the cog icon in the launcher and select it from the Graphics API dropdown.
With the launch of this update all Epic Games Store accounts must be bound to a Warframe account. As we mentioned in our PSA, we will no longer be supporting logging in via email address and password on the Epic Games Store client. Instead, once you have bound your accounts, you will be automatically logged into Warframe when you start it from the Epic Games Store client. For detailed instructions on how to bind your account please refer to our step-by-step guide.
Look at the blood. Look at the ink. Watch it drip, drip.
Something... no, someone haunts the ruins of the Vesper Relay. Come face-to-face with Follie, the Shadowgrapher, and complete her Shadowgraphs to uncover the Truth.
Orbiting around Venus, the Vesper Relay was fully accessible until 2014, when it was destroyed by Councilor Vay Hek and his Balor Fomorian battleships during Operation: Eyes of Blight. While veteran Tenno may recall visiting this locale all those years ago, its now-ruined interior looks considerably different and harbors a shadowy menace...
Complete the Chains of Harrow Quest
Visit our Quest Guide to help you along your journey to unlocking the Chains of Harrow.
Once you've completed the Chains of Harrow Quest, a new playable node on the Vesper Relay will appear on Venus for you to play Follie's Hunt.
In this new game mode, you'll be seeking Paint to complete various Shadowgraphs (canvases) — and become hunted by Follie as you progress.
The goal is to complete three Shadowgraphs in order to extract safely with rewards, here's how:
Upon arriving in the Vesper Relay, enter the Shadowgraph Portal to be taken inside this desolate ink coated nightmare.
Find the three Shadowgraphs scattered throughout the map, which will be marked A, B, and C once found.
The Vesper Relay also has two floors which you can access via the "elevators" located in the main hall.
As you explore, you'll come across pools of Paint. They have a distinct chime and will be marked with a special icon when entering their vicinity.
Approaching a pool will force you into your Operator or Drifter and douse you in Paint so that it can be delivered to a Shadowgraph. However, the Paint has a strange effect on Void abilities and disables Void Sling and Transference while you are coated in it.
Killing enemies has a chance to spawn yellow trailing waypoints, which will lead you to more pools of Paint!
Be prepared to fend off hordes of ink-covered enemies in your wake and flee from Follie as you attempt to deliver the Paint to Shadowgraphs. Getting downed while carrying Paint will clear it from you, so stay nimble, clear dangerous inky hazards and avoid Follie at all cost!
Standing near a Shadowgraph will automatically draw the paint off of your Operator/Drifter and onto the canvas. The amount of paint required to complete a Shadowgraph increases based on how many numbers of players are in the squad.
4
Repeat until all Shadowgraphs are completed!
Progress to completing Shadowgraphs is tracked in the special HUD gauge, each time Paint is delivered, the gauge will fill up. Complete all three Shadowgraphs to extract and be rewarded for withstanding the inky horrors that crawl within the Vesper Relay.
Delivering Paint to Shadowgraphs will awaken Follie, an invincible foe who stalks you as you work towards your escape. An aura emanates around her, dealing damage and sapping Energy from any who dare stay near. She can also cast her Abilities and spawn Shadowgraphs including Death Orbs.
As the mission progresses, Follie will up the ante with various ink-infused aberrations and modifiers to stop you in your tracks.
Air Support Charges are disabled in Follie's Hunt.
Any new node on an existing Planet comes with its own rules to fit within existing systems — namely Steel Path and Resource Drones.
Completion of Follie's Hunt is not required for deploying resource Extractors on Venus.
Completion of Follie's hunt is required to unlock the Steel Path.
Completing Follie's Hunt will guarantee you the following rewards:
Atramentum (new resource) 
Normal Path: 5
Steel Path: 10
1 Steel Essence (Steel Path only)
As well as a chance at the following drop table rewards:
Follie's Main and Component Blueprints
Enkaus' Main and Component Blueprints
Faction Syndicate Medallions
Normal Path: 
Insignia 
Medallion 
Datum 
Quittance
Mark 
Seed 
Steel Path: 
Defender Insignia
Lawful Medallion 
Intriguing Datum 
Honored Mark
Executive Quittance 
Bountiful Seed
Credits Cache
Endo
This deep black ink has the power to reveal hidden truth.
Atramentum can be traded at Aspirant Zorba in Relays for wares (read dedicated section for more information).
The amount of Atramentum that drops from Balloons ranges:
Normal Path: 2-4
Steel Path: 3-6
Killing enemies in Follie's Hunt missions.
Atramentum dropped from Balloons and enemies are marked with a special marker.
After completing the Chains of Harrow quest, a new person of interest appears when you visit a Relay. Unable to read the ancient Hexis script, Aspirant Zorba holds onto the letters left to him by Master Kozai. He believes the Atramentum collected from within Follie's Shadowgraph will allow him to read those letters and finally understand the ancient script.
Visit Aspirant Zorba just outside of the Arbiters of Hexis' enclave in Relays (fast travel via quick access wheel also available) to discover more of his story and to access his wares. He offers:
Chromatic Atramentum
Used to create Atragraph Mods! Read the New Cosmetic: Atragraph Mods section to learn more.
Truth's Flame (Tennokai Mod) - Max Rank stats listed 
Enables Tennokai. Successful Tennokai kills grant an additional 4s Tennokai opportunity with +120% Melee Damage bonus. Be warned, failure to kill a target with a Tennokai attack will self-inflict 100 Heat Damage/s and reset the Combo Counter. +1 'Truth'.
Follie Prex 
Follie Main & Component Blueprints
Enkaus Main & Component Blueprints
Drip (Somachord)
Stained Vespers (Somachord)
Dreadnaught (Somachord)
Haunted Vesper Relay Scene (Captura)
6,000 Kuva — weekly purchase limit of 7
If you seek to aid Aspirant Zorba in his quest to read his master's letters then you will need to collect Atramentum. The more Atramentum you collect, the more you support Aspirant Zorba in understanding the letters. Can you collect enough to fulfill his wish?
Shadowgrapher_Atragraph Mods.mp4Unavailable
Video Description: Four mods' art featuring a Kavat and Follie transition and shift between black and white to brilliant colors.
Atragraph Mods offer a purely cosmetic effect, but we all know that shiny makes everything better. With Shadowgrapher, the following Mods (and their variants) can become Atragraphs:
Vitality 
Fury
Organ Shatter
Target Cracker
Serration
Hell's Chamber
Hellfire
Barrel Diffusion
Animal Instinct
Streamline
We also added an Atragraph sorting category in the Mod management screen so that you can check out your collection.
Operation: Atramentum. A pale purple light shines in the background of what appears to be a large painting.
BEGINS APRIL 2ND @ 11:30 AM ET
Follie, the merry, macabre Shadowgrapher, brings ink to life. Support her squad and control enemy crowds with a myriad of versatile sketches and tricks.
Follie's abilities coat enemies in ink that slows their movement up to 50% for a few seconds. Afflicted enemies have a 20% chance to drop Health and Energy Orbs.
Drop through an inky frame and emerge invulnerable at the aimed location in a splash of ink that inflicts Inkblot on nearby enemies.
HOLD the ability to open the Shadowgraph wheel and release to cast the selected Shadowgraph. Once a Shadowgraph has been selected, it can be recast by simply TAPPING the ability.
Shadowgraphs (and the ability to customize them in the Sketchbook) unlock progressively as you rank up Follie. At Rank 30, all Shadowgraphs are unlocked.
Select from the following Shadowgraphs:
Shadowgraphs can also be moved around the wheel to your liking, similar to the gear and emote wheel. Simply select and drag to a desired spot!
Read the dedicated "Follie's sketchbook" section below to learn how to customize Shadowgraph's art.
Draw an ink effigy to absorb the damage dealt to Follie and allies. Below, a pool of ink spreads Inkblot. Kill enemies inside the pool to grow Follie's effigy and its ink puddle.
Self Portrait is Follie's Helminth ability - altered Damage Reduction cap at 75%, and Inkblot will not be applied on enemies.
Tie nearby enemies to floating balloons that douse them with Inkblot. Pop the balloons to send them crashing to the ground, splashing ink on nearby enemies.
Plein Air is Follie's Railjack ability.
Each of Follie's Shadowgraphs can be customized as many times as your heart desires from the Arsenal! Your creations are projected upon casting Shadowgraph.
Her sketchbook will open up the canvas where you can customize the selected Shadowgraph from simply changing the color to completely reworking the piece from scratch. Let the ink flow, Tenno! You may even find some inspiration to get started from these pieces created by Digital Extremes staff!
For the purposes of explaining the sketchbook's features, we've provided you with the following steps to give you an idea of how you can get started. But they can be done in any order you see fit, let your creativity flow!
1. Prepare your canvas:
If you wish to start from scratch, select the "Clear Canvas" button - This will remove all existing layers from the canvas. 
If you wish to use the existing layers, continue on to the next steps! 
Select your preferred canvas state using the two options below the Brush Strokes window: Canvas Light Mode or Canvas Dark Mode
This can be changed at any time and can be rather helpful in seeing how your art piece will appear when cast against either light and dark backdrops.
2. Select Brush Strokes
The sketchbook comes with a set of Brush Strokes for you to create your masterpiece.
Select and drag Brush Strokes of choice onto the canvas, doing so will create a new Layer.
You can create a maximum of 16 layers per Shadowgraph in the sketchbook.
3. Adjust Layers
In order to move and/or change a layer, it must first be selected from either the canvas or the Layers list.
To move a layer around on the canvas, select it from the Layers list and then grab and drag it around to the desired spot. 
Make adjustments to a selected layer using the following tools: 
Transformation Box: Change the scale, width, height and rotation of a layer using the blue transform box around it. 
Reset Scale: Scale can be reset to default. 
Mirror Horizontally/Vertically: Layers can be mirrored horizontally and vertically. 
Change layer order: Select and drag a layer from the layers list to change the order of how they appear on the canvas. 
If you'd like a layer to appear behind another, drag it below said layer. And for it to appear in front of a layer, drag it on top. 
Change color of layer: Select the color box of a layer you wish to change from the Layers list. Choose a new color for your layer from your owned color palettes.
Use the dropper icon to copy a layer's color onto the currently selected layer.
Copy Selected Layer: Create a duplicate of the selected layer in the Layers list. 
Delete layer: Delete a selected layer. 
Undo/Redo: Take a step back or forward on a selected layer. 
If you wish to restart the following options are always available to you:
Clear Canvas: Clear all layers from canvas, blank slate!
Note: There is no way to undo clearing a canvas, so be absolutely sure you want to clear it before committing! 
Reset Canvas: Reset all layers to their default state.
4. Preview
At any time you can preview your creation using the "Preview" button at the bottom of the screen. From here you also have the option to change the background color for some great screenshots!
5. Save and Exit
Once you are happy with your creation, select the "Save and Exit" button to save changes before exiting back to the Arsenal.
Attempting to save when there are no layers in the canvas will reset to the default.
Follie's Main and Component Blueprints can be acquired from Aspirant Zorba in the Relays for Atramentum. 
Follie's Main and Component Blueprints can be earned from Follie's Hunt reward drop tables.
Purchase Follie from the Market individually or as part of The Shadowgrapher Bundle. Learn more in the "Market Additions" section.
Acquire from Aspirant Zorba's wares in the Relay!
With the release of Follie, the maximum number of purchasable Loadout Slots has been increased from 32 to 33.
Follie's Glyphs can also be purchased from the Glyph selection menu accessible from the Pause Menu > Profile > Glyph.
Turn the enemy's worst nightmare into reality with Follie's signature rifle. The Enkaus will instantly kill and dissolve inked enemies that are damaged at low health. Shooting inked enemies siphons ink back into the Enkaus, allowing for a constant flow of creative destruction.
Enkaus' Main and Component Blueprints can be acquired from Aspirant Zorba in the Relays for Atramentum. 
Enkaus' Main and Component Blueprints can be earned from Follie's Hunt reward drop tables.
Purchase Enkaus from the Market individually or as part of The Shadowgrapher Bundle. Learn more in the "Market Additions" section.
Three Weapons have gotten the Adversary treatment, with new Kuva, Tenet and Coda versions for you to unleash mayhem aboard the Vesper Relay and beyond. Rip and tear with the Kuva Ghoulsaw, eviscerate with the precision of the Tenet Quanta, and let loose the devastating pestilence of the Coda Bubonico.
The addition of Kuva has forged the savage Ghoulsaw into an even more brutal weapon, allowing for faster attacks.
The Kuva Ghoulsaw has been added to the list of Kuva weapons that can be generated from Kuva Larvlings.
Once a mining tool adapted for military purposes, Parvosian engineering has enhanced the Quanta's lethality even further. Alternate Fire cubes now apply Status Effect on impact.
The Tenet Quanta has been added to the list of Tenet weapons that can be generated from Sister Candidates.
With increased magazine size, the Coda Bubonico was born of the Technocyte virus' need to spread infection. Primary Fire rate ramps up with continuous fire.
The Coda Bubonico has been added to Eleanor's Batch B Coda Weapon rotation in the Höllvania Central Mall, which is currently live now! To make the Coda Bubonico available immediately with the update release, we rotated Eleanor's store to Batch B early (original PSA).
Fixed remapping the D-pad up input making it difficult to use the Toggle Free Cam in Captura. 
To resolve this issue and prevent future issues from occurring, the Toggle Free Cam binding must be mapped before leaving the bindings screen.
Fixed Marie's and Lyon's Room Scenes not being in the Entrati category for Captura Scenes.
Fixed the Five Fates Captura Scene unintentionally spawning enemies and objective markers.
Fixed "Session Unavailable" message popping up upon joining Host in the Praghasa Throne Captura Scene. 
Fixed some destructible objects in Marie's Room Scene floating mid-air after being destroyed. 
Also fixed a few holes that would let players see out of the map in this Captura scene.
In this update we adjusted Arctic Eximus enemies to make them less punishing and make it easier to engage in counter-play. This led to some changes in the way that Cold Status affects players.
Player Cold Status Changes*
This change results in an overall potential of having up to 40% speed reduction but does not halt player movement completely.
* These changes only apply to Cold Status against players (from sources such as environmental hazards and enemies), and does not alter how Cold Status affects enemies.
Re-enabled direct game invites on PC (PSA for more information).
Fixed being able to infinitely and permanently stack Secondary Enervate by swapping in and out of Jade, Titania, and Hildryn's fourth abilities. 
Also fixed multiple weapons with Secondary Enervate equipped sharing the same stacks and counters — they are now tracked independently.
Also fixed the HUD buff indicator remaining on-screen when the weapon with the Arcane equipped is holstered. 
Fixed a case of Duviri Decrees being carried over to other missions after completing a Circuit mission. 
Fixed being able to grab ledges while in Mesa's Peacemaker, which could result in function loss.
Fixed the Blood Rush, Weeping Wounds and Arca Tritron's Slam Capacitor HUD buff icons not stacking beyond 1x. 
This was only a visual bug!
Fixed the Empazu-Shol Antique Mod not gaining Tauron Strike Initial Charge from other equipped Focus School's Antique Mods as intended.
Fixed being able to use weapons during Aegis Storm on Hildryn if another Ability was subsumed over Balefire.
Fixed Kullervo's Wrathful Advance stuttering and failing to cast if interrupted by another animation (such as jumping or heavy attacking). 
Fixed Arcane Persistence applying inconsistently for Clients and not reducing damage from status effects caused by weapons.
Fixed Primary Crux not counting multishot projectiles for Clients on the first weakpoint hit.
Also fixed elemental ammo (ex: from Cyte-09's Resupply or Oraxia's Silken Stride) causing Primary Crux to trigger multiple times off of one projectile. 
Fixed Secondary Irradiate causing performance issues when there were multiple instances of the Arcane proccing at once — notably seen when used with Zephyr's Tornados. 
Now, instead of triggering per every instance of multishot, each instance is grouped together and triggered at once in a group to reduce performance concerns. 
This fix also addresses Clients not triggering Secondary Irradiate off of multishot. 
More fixes to Netracell spawning issues for players who frequently use Transference. 
Fixed Uriel's Demons not functioning correctly after the first stage of the Circuit. 
Fixed Narmer Commanders becoming invincible if they were disarmed before their Vomvalyst protectors were killed. 
Fixed normal Lephantis having its Steel Path damage attenuation instead of its default values. 
Also fixed the Hemocyte not using the correct attenuation to make it tankier as intended.
Fixed the Axi T13 Relic only rewarding 1 Forma Blueprint instead of 2 (as intended). 
More fixes towards Transference locking character animations to look like you are walking on the spot ("moonwalking").
For some time it has been our white whale to hunt down and while we can not offer a complete fix at the moment, we've added extensive logging that should help find us get rid of it once and for all. We were able to locate the cause of recent Moonwalk issues relating to Warframes using Vinquibus and Mesa using Mesa's Waltz with this method and are hoping to find a general fix that catches all iterations of this issue.
Should you encounter a loss of function where your character walks funny and you're locked out of properly playing the mission, please do the following:
Take an F6 screenshot - This will print some useful information in your log.
Save your ee.log
Can be found at %localappdata%\Warframe\EE.log
These are overwritten every time you restart the game, so ideally save it as early as possible
Send in the log and the F6 Screenshot in a Support ticket: 
Fixed Auto Breach Mod being usable in the Legendary Rank 5 test. 
Fixed Clients not receiving Tauron Strike charge from Convergence Orbs after joining an in progress mission. 
Fixed Ash's Teleport not doing Finishers on The Murmur and various other enemies.
Fixed not receiving Railjack rewards and getting a progression stop if the Host migrates after the squad enters a Corpus Capital Ship. 
Fixed the common Arcanes in the Fortuna and Cetus Arcane Dissolution Packs using the rare chance rate and vice versa. In other words, the rares were more common and the commons were rarer. 
We increased the Vosfor received from Dissolution of the affected rare Arcanes from 24 to 36 to compensate for this fix. 
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow and Cyte-09's Neutralizer not benefitting from Spectral Serration if their invisibility ability (Prowl and Evade) is cast before their Exalted Weapon.
Known Issue: the HUD Buff Icon for Spectral Serration appears inconsistently depending on the order you cast the Exalted and the invisibility abilities. 
Fixed Ash failing to perform a finisher using Teleport with the Vinquibus equipped. 
Fixed being unable to remove certain armor pieces if they were purchased as part of a bundle from the Arsenal (notably Kullervo's Apostate Shoulder Spikes and Voruna's Armor).
Fixed using an Operator Ability with a Sirocco equipped causing HUD Ammo to disappear and the manual reload to stop functioning.
Also fixed the Sirocco not properly displaying its ammo count. 
Fixed Equinox's Rest and Rage being unable to target certain Conservation animals in open landscapes.
Fixed purchasing the Vinquibus in the Arsenal not equipping it on both Primary and Melee weapon slots. 
Fixed being able to equip another Primary weapon with the Vinquibus after equipping and unequipping it in the Melee slot. 
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow not benefitting from the following Companion Mods: Medi-Ray, Guardian, Martyr Symbiosis, Duplex Bond and Anti-Grav Array.
Fixed Yareli vanishing if the Host used transference to Operator/Drifter while on Merulina right as a squadmate leaves the mission.
Fixed Nokko's Sporespring being unable to target enemies or Stinkbrain/Brightbonnet when cast inside of Frost's Snow Globe. 
Fixed Baruuk's Lull preventing capture and unintentionally allowing finishers when used on Conservation animals.
Fixed the orb created by Mutalist Quanta's alt-fire/Simulor blocking bullets instead of letting them pass through.
Fixed Klebrik Scaffold's alt fire ammo consumption not being reduced by ammo efficiency. 
Fixed Nokko's passive's invulnerability duration being inconsistent after reviving with Brightbonnet.
Fixed Vauban's Tesla Nervos not targeting enemies when starting at a different elevation.
Fixed Vauban's Bastille being unable to be cast while inside Gyre's Arcsphere if Conductive Sphere is equipped.
Fixed being unable to equip more than one Invocation or Canticle on Dante's Noctua if accessed via Navigation.
Fixed Oraxia's Widow's Brood exceeding the limit of Scuttlers spawned when more than 10 enemies die while infected.
Fixed sudden momentum loss when casting abilities while in Grendel's Pulverize form.
Fixed Ivara's Dashwire appearing black instead of using Energy color. 
Fixed the "Use Sniper Scopes" toggle not applying to Vadarya Prime. 
Fixed the Sahasa Kubrow's Dig precept not providing items when Health, Energy and Ammo are full.
Fixed Killing Blow not applying to Corufell's heavy attack projectile when guided by Ivara's Navigator. 
Fixed Uriel's Demons being able to spawn in missions that start in a Submersible Archwing tile.
Uriel's Demons will not spawn while he is underwater but he will now be able to summon them via Remedium once he is on dry land. 
Fixed Uriel's pose during Infernalis flight changing if he is teleported mid-flight.
Fixed cases of Mirage's Prism being able to clip through the level and leave the map. 
Fixed Nokko becoming invincible and invisible after using Reroot during a stage transition in the Mastery Rank 14 test. 
Fixed player Overguard being able to take damage during invulnerability caused by Nyx's Absorb, Excalibur's Slash Dash, Dagath's Rakhali's Cavalry, and Qorvex's Crucible Blast.
Fixed edge cases of eligible enemies not being lifted by Vauban's Bastille when entering its range. 
Fixed inserting pickups while riding Merulina disarming you of your Primary weapon. 
Fixed Shocking Speed causing Uriel's Gulphagor to attack friendly NPCs and one shot enemies. Feisty little guy! 
Fixed Ivara's Prowl canceling itself when walking in bushes (notably in Duviri). 
Fixed Cyte-09's Seek applying punch through to Brightbonnet mushrooms (subsumed onto Cyte-09), causing them to go through the floor. 
Fixed Uriel's Demons having pathing issues when getting close to the player. 
Fixed Clients with a bad connection experiencing loss of function after repeatedly casting Garuda's Seeking Talons with the Blending Talons and Dread Ward Augment Mods equipped. 
Fixed Cestra and Dual Cestra firing to the right of the reticle crosshair. 
Fixed Arcane Circumvent not fully stripping armor against enemies with Heat or Corrosive status.
Fixed Arcane Battery not interacting with the Melee Critical Damage bonus from Violet Archon Shards.
Fixed Kahl's Brothers not attacking enemies when summoned through the Kahl Beacon.
Fixed being unable to use Gear Wheel Hotkeys while riding on Merulina. (shoutout to the Tenno who reported this at Calgary TennoVIP last year!) 
Fixed Dante's ability casts temporarily removing gun reticles. 
Fixed max energy increase from Arcane Battery's not counting towards the energy needed for Violet Archon Shard's damage boost. 
Fixed Hildryn's Haven description incorrectly stating that it will damage enemies that approach shielded allies, instead of Hildryn. 
Now reads: "Create a shield aura around allies. Enemies that approach Hildryn will take Radiation Damage." 
Fixed incorrectly being able to sell the Vinquibus if it is the last melee weapon on your account.
Fixed Oberon's Renewal making him invincible when running out of energy while equipped with the Phoenix Renewal Augment.
Fixed Nyx being able to slide and bullet jump during Assimilate Absorb after casting Brightbonnet.
Fixed Nightmare Defense missions being 6 waves instead of 3. 
Fixes towards Clients spamming push inputs in Enigma Puzzles in Duviri resulting in function loss.
Fixed Viktor appearing permanently surprised in his Höllvania mission transmissions.
Fixed Clients not triggering laser alarms in Lua Spy. 
Fixed entering the Void Angel arena as a rotation ends resulting in players being unable to select a Relic reward in endless Zariman Void Fissure missions.
Fixed Operator/Drifters appearing during the Sanctuary Onslaught Conduit transition animation. 
Fixed Drifter being stuck in a broken state after entering a teleport volume in Last Gasp in Descendia missions.
Fixed Clients being unable to see the VFX in the "Reconnect the Power Lines" Isleweaver objective.
Fixed simultaneous teleports in Railjack (ex: fast travelling within the Railjack and then teleporting to a player) resulting in function loss. 
Fixed the Thermian RPG and enemy waypoint markers remaining on-screen when the H-09 Efervon Tank is stabbable at the end of Stage 1 of the fight.
Fixed the Financial Stress debuff in The Index remaining active upon delivering points while in Nokko's Reroot form or Sevagoth's Shadow. 
Fixed an unintended Lotus transmission at the start of the Eris Junction boss fight.
Fixed dying by interacting with a Velocipod if it is tranquilized near a slope, ledge or exocrine.
Fixed status icons being hard to read in Alchemy if Alchemical Invulnerability is active.
Fixed the VFX of the glyphs in the Steel Path Captain Vor mission disappearing after activating them.
Fixed Clients not having sound effects for the cinematic intro of The Descendia.
Fixed being unable to Archwing Slingshot into enemy ships on Railjack.
Fixed the Xata Requiem Obelisk not dropping rewards after successfully killing enemies.
Fixed selecting Repeat Mission for a Railjack mission while in the Base of Operations loading into a mission without UI and resulting in function loss.
Fixed the Voidburst Keyglyph effect not applying after picking it up twice in Netracell missions. 
Fixed the moving pillars in one of the Descendia tiles pushing players and NPCs under the map. 
Fixed a Tauron Boost Convergence Orb (blue) that had no duration appearing regardless of if you have reached the daily Focus Cap or not. 
Fixed the camera becoming detached in Void Cascade missions if a Warframe enters the radius of Possessed Exolizer with the pause menu opened.
Fixed a very rare case of a black screen appearing when attempting to play a Kuva Fortress mission.
Fixed the Railjack Tactical Menu becoming disabled if players died during a Technocyte Coda showdown and repeated the mission right afterward. 
Fixed the Health Conversion mod not functioning in the Circuit. 
Fixed Host teleports to Blinkpads being cancelled if a Client initiated a teleport to the same location in open landscape missions.
Fixed Steel Path Void Fissure missions launched from the Sanctum Anatomica or Chrysalith resulting in enemy levels being an extra 100 levels too high. 
Fixed Necramechs being able to spawn out of bounds during the Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Made fixes towards Yareli clipping through areas of The Perita Rebellion tileset. 
Fixed a spot where players were able to avoid Hunhullus ground attacks in The Perita Rebellion missions. 
Fixed the HUD countdown timer in The Perita Rebellion not continuing countdown after pausing and resuming the game in solo mission. 
Fixed being able to run on top of Orokin dropships in The Perita Rebellion after grappling to them. 
Fixed The Perita Rebellion's primary and secondary objective texts overlapping each other in certain languages. 
Fixed firing SFX persisting if Clients exited an Anarch Turret while shooting. 
Fixed an invisible floating platform unintentionally existing in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed the context action to begin the Legacyte hunt disappearing when close to Kalymos. 
Fixed context action for the Targeting Array in The Perita Rebellion disappearing if the player gets too close to it. 
Fixed the Head Stompers Penance in Descendia killing Marie/Lyon (as defense targets) and other friendly NPCs. 
Fixed Zariman mission not loading upon returning to Arbitration mission after aborting a previous one, causing players to get stuck in the elevator. 
Fixed enemies having issues pathing all the way up the stairs in the Descendia tileset. 
Fixed more cases of Alad V's transmissions playing over cutscenes in his Assassination mission. 
Fixed Archon Hunt Defense mission transmissions still triggering based on the old 5 wave rounds. 
Fixed some enemies not pathing to the Defense objective in The Circuit. 
Fixed a progression stop when Host Migration occurs right after the Technocyte Coda Showdown cinematic incorrectly leaving the original Host's Lich in the fight.
Fixed a function loss for Clients if Host triggers an event that pulls Clients out of the Owl Recon Puzzle (like Kullervo's fight).
Fixed exiting the Grineer Galleon ship incorrectly having a Skip Cinematic prompt that would lead to a function loss and black screen if selected.
Fixed Arbiters of Hexis Operative Arbitration defense target getting stuck in elevator. 
Fixed case where Vault A's door in the Cambria Spy mission on Earth would open automatically instead of requiring console hacking. 
Fixed rare issue where Host could get stuck transitioning from hub to Open Landscape while Clients attempting to join the in-progress mission. 
Fixed Arbitration Drones appearing in regular Zariman missions after aborting a Zariman Arbitration mission through the elevator.
Fixed issue where multiple bosses in Descendia could spawn on the same spawn point.
Dagath Yfari Skin fixes:
Fixed Dagath Yfari's tassels being excessively stretched while flying in Archwing. 
Fixed Dagath Yfari's VFX not taking proper energy tints in the Navigation Menu. 
Fixed Dagath Yfari Skin having a texture hole on the pack of her neck. 
Fixed disjointed pinkies on the Dagath Yfari Skin. 
Fixed Vauban Heirloom having some Syandanas clip into his lower back when his Overcoat is removed.
Fixed being unable to customize the Venato Prime's VFX. 
Fixed missing chains and cloth detail on Roathe's Gemini Skin.
Fixed the skinning around the Roathe Gemini Skin's neck to help with head movement. 
Fixed Gyre Prime's skirt not lifting while using her Rotorswell ability with the Gyre Kuvael Monarch Skin equipped. 
Fixed Coil Horizon and Rotorswell not using Gyre Prime's ability prime VFX while other skins are equipped. 
Fixed Alternox Prime's VFX incorrectly being visible through Gyre Prime's body.
Fixed the interruption of Khora Urushu's idle animation in the Arsenal causing her whip to remain onscreen.
Fixed some facial animation issues for Lyon's Gemini Skin when removing his Mitre.
Fixed the TennoCon 2023 Syandana's textures breaking occasionally after a Void Sling.
Fixed left-only shoulder armor not appearing on Operator while the "Customize Left/Right Separately" toggle is off. 
Fixed Gauss Profitas skirt using the incorrect material.
Fixed Wukong and many of his skins missing tail physics. 
Fixed the cloth on the Insign Medals stretching while flying around in Archwing. 
Fixed the cloth portions of the Insign Medals floating while wearing the Rota Syandana. 
Fixed neck deformation issues with Lyon's Gemini Skin. 
Fixed the barrel on the Tau Dax Archgun Skin not rotating correctly. 
Fixed a visual bug when previewing the Wukong Qitian Sigil in the Arsenal.
Fixed the right shoulder clipping into the arm for Chymerist Gloves, Kukri Prime Armor, and Lodestar Shoulder Plates.
Fixed Vauban Heirloom's jacket clipping through his body when riding Atomicycle. 
Fixed Bloodshed Sigil not applying custom Sigil colors when equipped on Operator.
Fixed Dagath's Rakhali's Cavalry Kaithes on her Yfari Skin not applying custom energy colors. 
Fixed several armor offset issues on the Gyre Vortengeist Skin. 
Fixed offset issues with certain leg armors on Cyte-09. 
Fixed Lettie, Eleanor, and Aoi Gemini Skins having their mouths open in Navigation. 
Fixed Gemini Skins' skin looking shiny in Navigation. 
Fixed being unable to customize the Sun & Moon's Holster Style. 
Fixed the Marie Gemini Skin's skirt clipping into her behind.
Fixed Nunchaku Standard Holster being able to put weapons in unintended places.
Fixed Clients not seeing the Heartcell pop-up if they were dropped by the Quick Correct mod after stabbing their Technocyte Coda Duet.
Fixed Custom UI Themes not loading upon login if the Base of Operations is set to Drifter Camp or Backroom.
Fixed subtitles remaining on-screen after skipping a Hex kiss cinematic.
Fixed |Count| appearing instead of the number in Höllvania Exterminate secondary objective text for various languages.
Fixed "Hostage Rescued" stat appearing in the End of Mission screen of Sortie Defense missions that have an NPC Defense Target.
Fixed Vauban's Abilities screen missing the "View Augments" button while in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a case of LShift text appearing outside of the input button in the Railjack Intrinsics menu.
Fixed inconsistent Alignment placement on player Profiles across various platforms. 
Fixed the "No Self Revive" tooltip on the Temporal Archimedea screen mentioning Void Angels, despite that mechanic not applying in this mission.
Fixed Corrupted Specters appearing to be usable in Descendia (UI only issue, they could not be selected via the Gear Wheel).
Fixed the test timer disappearing while in hacking screens in the Legendary Rank 5 test. 
Fixed Amp Ammo count disappearing after casting Caustic Strike or Void Snare. 
Also fixed Sirocco's HUD UI disappearing after using Operator abilities.
Fixed the Grimoire having a Magazine stat in the Upgrade Screen. 
The Grimoire has infinite ammo and does not have a magazine. 
Fixed binding callout to open Decree selection disappearing after opening Acrithis' Shop in Duviri. 
Fixed issues where UI elements in the Arsenal would overlap. 
Fixed status effects being unclear by showing them on their own line under enemy names.
Fixed Nightwave Cred Offerings and reward preview screens overlapping after pressing R3 twice on controller. 
Fixed using the "Defaults" button after using the search bar to filter out options resetting all settings, instead of just the ones pulled up and visible from searching. 
Fixed being unable to customize Drifter's Melee weapon via the mirror in Teshin's Cave or the Dormizone. 
Fixed Clients having "Reactant Collected" UI stuck onscreen after aborting a Void Storm mission.
Fixed the "Equip Focus Lenses to charge Tauron Strike significantly faster" notification still showing up even though you have a Lens equipped on an Amp. 
Fixed the Overleveling tooltip appearing too low in the Upgrade screen. 
Fixed the Arsenal grid list to equip items having alignment issues. 
Fixed video settings not being respected upon login if Dynamic Resolution is disabled. 
Fixed a room in the Höllvania tileset missing a proper outline in the minimap. 
Fixed players being able to select outdated Duviri Circuit Rewards if the screen was open just before weekly reset, resulting in an error message. 
The screen should now properly update once the reset happens!
Fixed having "Switch Weapon" unbound in the controller layout resulting in players being unable to access the Dark Refractory. 
Fixed Dethcube Prime's and Shade Prime's names being cut off in the mission HUD.
Fixed incorrect stats in UI when equipping the Vinquibus and when swapping to an Incarnon weapon. 
Fixed offset issues with Syandanas clipping through Vauban Heirloom's skirt. 
Fixed Vauban's Minelayer ability stat text overlapping in some languages.
Fixed boss fights with multiple targets (ie. Prime Vanguard) sharing the same Overguard bar and Status Effects in their HUD health indicators, instead being visually distinct from one another. 
Also fixed vertical alignment issues between bosses' health bars when changing resolution. 
Fixed the Initial Charge stat in the Tektolyst Artifact upgrade screen displaying the incorrect value after re-entering the screen. 
Fixed Polarity icons in upgrade screen flashing and Mod icon sticking to cursor after fusing a Mod using a controller. 
Fixed controller cursor snapping to resource icons in Tactical menu instead of actual interactable UI elements when navigating with D-pad. 
Fixed Clients not seeing elemental ammo UI after picking up mushrooms in Undermind Bounties. 
Fixed The Perita Rebellion memory selection screen overlapping the previously selected mission when switching between missions to matchmake for.
Fixed the Tauron Strike Charge gain UI incorrectly displaying when collecting Convergence Orbs.
Fixed a non-functional passive buff incorrectly displaying in the HUD when interacting with the Arsenal in the Simulacrum as Citrine.
Fixed [PH] tag appearing in Descendia boss names in their intro cutscene. 
Fixed Riven Mod and Upgrade UI appearance breaking when unveiling Riven by equipping it. 
Fixed the mouse cursor continuously being pulled towards the bottom menu bar if you were using WASD directional keys to place a camera and continued to hold them slightly after confirming the camera position.
Fixed having to clear the "Max enemy count reached" popup multiple times in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed the Syndicate Radial Effect tooltip on Syndicate mods not popping up in the Syndicate offerings screen. 
Fixed equipped gear not appearing in the Individual Parameters in Deep/Temporal Archimedea while Operator/Drifter. 
Fixed the following Somachord songs having placeholder icons:
Crash Course
From the Stars
Alive Again
Below Zero
Fixed the Quatz displaying the wrong unique trait icon.
Fixed Gyre Prime Armor having the incorrect shoulder icon.
Fixed the Perita Rebellion recall nodes transitioning abruptly in the UI when hovered on and off. 
Fixed reward thumbnail overlapping border in the Events tab when multiple event alerts are live. 
Fixed case of the "Baro Ki'Teer has Returned" inbox message breaking and not including the location he's arrived at. 
Fixed weird gaps in the event panel UI around the Thermia Fractured event icons.
Fixed a map hole in a Corpus Gas City elevator. 
Fixed players being able to get behind a wall in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed players being unable to summon their Necramech South of Asta Crater in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed browsing Roathe's Honoria in the Necralisk moving the camera to his position in La Cathédrale. Now the window will open where he is standing.
Fixed players being able to get stuck in Treasure Rooms in the Orokin Tower tileset. 
Fixed obstructive collision in a pipe in a Grineer Forest spy vault.
Fixed Clients being unable to see the electricity VFX from a puzzle in Albrecht's Laboratories tileset. 
Fixed some obstructive collisions in a Treasure Room in the Orokin Tower tileset. 
Fixed minor texture flickering on the Ambulas spawn pads in the Ambulas Assassination mission on Pluto. 
Fixed enemies in the Höllvania Courtyard Simulacrum getting stuck in an animation loop attempting to use a lift pulley. 
We removed the pulley to fix this issue, enemies are like a dog with a bone when it comes to those things I guess. 
Fixed players getting teleported through the Dojo's Harbinger's Pass and Courtier's Bliss portals from Domestik Drones driving by the trigger volume. 
Fixed a wall incorrectly appearing black in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed snow banks in missions with Corpus Outposts having jagged edges.
Fixed some mismatched ground textures in Descendia.
Fixed an unintended visual at the side of a bridge in Isleweaver.
Fixed stage elements not being removed after destroying the stage in the Solstice Square.
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed an area near the Space Port in Orb Vallis that would cause the map to become transparent.
Fixed wonky volume collision at the extraction ring in Lua tileset that was causing players to get stuck in it. 
Fixed map hole in Marie's Sanctuary room in the Descendia. 
Fixed a few floating rocks in the Cambion Drift. The only things supposed to be floating are the fish!
Fixed missing collision on some environment elements in a Corpus Outpost tile. 
Fixed clipping issues and map errors in the Grineer Forest tileset. Fixed K-Drive sinking into the roof of certain buildings in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed some floating rubble in the Descendia. 
Fixed hitbox of a small ledge in a vent in the Corpus Ship tileset that players would often get caught on. 
Fixed players clipping into terrain in an area of Duviri. 
Fixed a confusing waypoint marker in the Grineer Asteroid. 
Fixed wind issues with overgrowth hanging vines in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed light rays appearing under a table in the Drifter Camp. 
Fixed floating foliage and map holes in the Orb Vallis caves. 
Fixed a terrain blending issue in between Grineer Forest tiles. 
Fixed a floating light bar in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed a floating rock in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed culling issues with wall plates in the Grineer Galleon Defense tileset. 
Fixed a console floating/poking out of terrain in the Cambion Drift. 
Fixed a terrain gap in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed terrain issues in the Murmur tiles in the Albrecht's Laboratories tileset. 
Fixed a map hole in Marie's Descendia floor. 
Fixed Somachord in Descendia clipping with furniture. 
Fixed clipping issues with a pipe on an Efervon tank in Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed a large gap above the garage door in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed eye ball deco in Descendia tileset only following the Host and not Clients. 
Fixed ground textures appearing as solid colors in the Drifter Camp and Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed the small tree branches in the Plains of Eidolon behaving weirdly with the wind. 
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed Titania with Razorwing Blitz Augment getting launched out of the map after dashing into the Extraction elevator in Zariman. 
Fixed using /unstuck command spawning player underneath platform in Kela de Thaym fight. 
Fixed Nokko ending up outside the Kela de Thaym arena after Reroot times out. 
Fixed enemy pathing issues in the Corpus Ice Planet caves. 
Fixed cases of certain alarm terminals not working in Kuva Fortress tileset. 
Fixed chandeliers in Albrecht's Laboratories tileset incorrectly falling to the ground.
Fixed a map hole in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed Higasa Serration and Amanata Pressure not being listed in the Codex.
Also fixed them not being chat-linkable. 
Fixed both Doppelganger Codex entries displaying the Melee variant.
Fixed being unable to complete the Narmer Buzzard Dropship and Narmer Condor Dropship Codex entries.
Fixed the Juno Geminex Moa having a duplicate Codex entry.
Removed an incompletable Techrot Galliflex Eximus Codex entry. 
Fixed Choralyst scans not counting towards their Codex entry.
Fixed being unable to complete Deimos Leaper, Deimos Swarm Mutalist Moa, and Deimos Swarm Mutalist Moa Eximus Codex entries.
Fixed being unable to complete the Scrofa Light Trencher Eximus Codex entry.
Fixed the Conculyst and Battalyst not having arms in the Codex diorama.
Fixed scans of the Fortress Scanner not counting towards its Codex entry.
Fixed Uriel's Infernalis flight SFX continuing to play during extraction.
Fixed being able to swap between different Warframes when previewing Gemini Emotes in the Arsenal. 
Fixed cases of stretched VFX when performing Melee Slam attacks. 
Fixed players missing their landing SFX in the Descendia intro cinematic. 
Fixed Client being unable to accept/decline Dry Dock invites after leaving and re-entering the Railjack. 
Fixed Secondary Arcane switching to Primary Slot in Archgun Mod Config after duplicating Config with only a Secondary Arcane equipped. 
Fixed Clients invited to Host's Backrooms not seeing the Melee weapons on the Warframe Displays. 
Fixed the Decree SFX playing incorrectly when context actions appear if one is pending.
Fixed Amps being unequipped when the Operator menu is opened in the Simulacrum.
Fixed Operator teleporting erratically to different spots when attempting to Customize in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a function loss caused by Bleeding Out without any remaining revives and returning to the Dojo.
Fixed the Xenoflora, Domestik Caliber Drone, Infernum Throne, M-09 Efervon Tank Domestik Drone and Timelost Artifact decorations appearing in the Vendor's tab in the Base of Operations decoration selection window. 
They have been correctly moved to the Market tab! 
Fixed decorations not being placeable under the Market desk in the Orbiter.
Fixed the Reliquary Drive being vacant in Railjack missions that weren't started in a Dry Dock. 
Fixed the Zariman Staircase (Right and Left Spirals) decorations having small gaps.
Fixed Lich crew members remaining as crew after they have been traded away.
Fixed music switching erratically between combat and ambient while playing as Uriel. 
Fixed the A Lost Time decoration not matching the selected natural complexion tint of Operator Config A.
Also fixed the mother's hair not matching the Operator's hair color. 
Fixed the enemy Translocator device in The Index having a huge VFX field. 
Fixed camera funkiness when running into a gate in Marie's Room Scene as Titania in Razorwing mode. 
Fixed an untranslated objective description in Descendia missions.
Fixed the Digital Extremes logo animation unintentionally replaying if the application window is manually resized while it plays.
Fixed Amalgam Osprey's orbs not disappearing after the Osprey's death or after time has passed.
Fixed loss of function in Mastery Rank 22 test while in Nokko's Sprodling form. 
Fixed pickups (ex: data mass) not disappearing from hand while playing Shawzin. 
Fixed case of the third month of POM-2 Calendar generating with only one reward instead of two. 
Fixed the following mods not being chat-linkable:
Peculiar End
Primed Cleanse The Murmur
Primed Counterbalance
Primed Bane of The Murmur
Primed Stabilizer
Primed Steady Hands
Primed Quickdraw
Primed Venomous Clip
Fixed Market packs that can be purchased for real world currencies and Platinum not appearing in their usual non-paid categories. 
Fixed being unable to move through certain areas where the Maw should fit while fishing in Duviri. 
Fixed an issue where Maw could have erratic movement near the water surface in Duviri. 
Fixed Railjack Crew spinning on the spot and walking into walls when customizing the interior of the Railjack. 
Fixed laser beam end points not properly disabling when you're not hitting something (they would linger in the last spot hit). 
Fixed Somachord songs that have autoplay turned off still playing, instead of skipping them when jumping from song to song. 
Fixed Archwing using default colors when playing as Uriel with the Roathe Gemini Skin equipped. 
Fixed no Necraslisk Bounties appearing available if the screen was open when the refresh occurred. 
Fixed Uriel's Brimstone VFX not being affected by the Visual Effects Intensity slider. 
Fixed being unable to fall through two platforms in a row in Caliber Chicks 2. 
Fixed the starting spawn point in the Cambion Drift using the Heart of Deimos Quest location instead of spawning players outside of the Necralisk gates as intended. 
Fixed Host migration related issues that could occur in the Hunhullus fight. 
Fixed flickering issues that would occur while panning. 
Fixed the controller button callout above the Observe eye icon in the Railjack Tactical menu not cycling between Crew Members. 
Fixed Clients in Last Gasp after Host Migration incorrectly hearing the heartbeat SFX twice.
Fixed players inadvertently being able to see outside of the Liset when entering Decorate mode from the Operator backroom.
Fixed Baruuk's Desert Wind VFX not appearing in the Arsenal. 
Fixed some Ephemeras and Syandanas Market dioramas being super zoomed in. 
Fixed Lyon getting stuck typing forever if you ask him for help with [redacted]. 
Fixed the "Transmissions through Controller" audio option being off on new accounts instead of being on. 
Fixed face animations missing for bow, speargun and melee weapon idle animations. 
Fixed Clients Wukong's Iron Staff missing its VFX. 
Fixed the Saturn Six Emblem not appearing when equipped, also fixed its icon missing in the UI. 
Fixed being unable to purchase the Void Adornment Bundle (with prorated price) if you already own the Saryn, Rhino, or Volt Voidshell Collection. 
Fixed Client Drifter having two Excalibur Umbras after Host migration. 
Fixed Drifter's body stretching when using Guiding Hand in Duviri. 
Fixed aborting Railjack mission while dead in Archwing causing the mission to soft lock and not send the player back to Dry Dock.
Fixed typos in Roathe, Lyon, and Marie's KIM conversations. 
Fixed being unable to chatlink the Valkyr Heirloom Collection and Khora Prime Larqum Helmet. 
Fixed missing collision on Father Lyon's offered orbiter decorations.
Fixed players being able to sell their last Melee weapon if they owned the Vinquibus.
Fixed a rare crash related to The Arcanist Honoria.
Fixed rare crash in the Simulacrum caused by Host migration. 
Fixed a script error related to casting Jade's Glory On High.
Fixed a script error related to a Railjack ability.
Fixed a script error that occured when viewing the Demolisher Juggernaut's Codex entry.
Fixed a script error related to Tauron Strikes.
Fixed script errors related to logging out while accessing the Star Chart.
Fixed crash caused by pickups. 
Fixed a script error when Oraxia's Scuttlers are killed by Jackal's Grid Wall.
Fixed a script error related to using Mesa's Regulators against Mesa Prime in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed script errors related to Yareli's Merulina.
Fixed a script error related to hovering on player names in the Stats screen of the end of mission results.
Fixed rare crash in The Perita Rebellion. 
Fixed script error caused by Excalibur's Radial Javelin. 
Fixed script error caused by looking at an enemy and not having any weapons equipped. 
Fixed rare crash caused by opening Clan chat while a Clan invite was pending. 
Fixed a script error that occurs when talking to Loid from behind in the Whispers in the Walls quest.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread: 

## PCUpdate 42: The Shadowgrapher
**Date:** 2026-03-25T15:03:38Z | **Type:** Update
## Vauban Heirloom: Hotfix 41.1.2
**Date:** 2026-02-17T16:03:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Platinum Pack Refresh:

### Fixes
Fixed Kaya's KIM Rank changing to Associates after 41.1.1. 
She should be reverted to her original pre-hotfix Rank!
Fixed Vauban's Tesla Nervos preventing Nekros' Shadows and Equinox's Duality Specter from targeting enemies that the Nervos are latched onto.
Fixed the buff from Volt's Shocking Speed augment being able to damage allies.
Fixed Dagath Yfari's right arm bending in the wrong spot, causing issues with various Animation Sets.
Fixed Dagath Yfari not applying tints correctly to the metal channel.
Fixed a script error caused by Volt Prime in the Prime Vanguard fight in The Perita Rebellion.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCVauban Heirloom: Hotfix 41.1.2
**Date:** 2026-02-17T16:03:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Vauban Heirloom: Hotfix 41.1.1
**Date:** 2026-02-12T20:05:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This issue was introduced as a fix for those skipping ranks in The Devil's Triad, locking them out of the (Spoiler) Reunion. Unfortunately, it had unintended effects and we apologize for the state that this fix shipped in.
### Changes
Missed Note from 41.1.0: 
Vauban's Ability Projectiles now take his velocity into account when thrown. This way, when moving quickly on land or in the air, they will no longer lag behind him.
Removed the bright flash VFX from Vauban's Photon Strike as it could cause photosensitivity issues.
Fixed Vauban's Tether-Flechette being instantly destroyed if cast with Vazarin's Guardian Shell active.
Fixes towards Tether-Flechette's projectiles missing the shake FX following Vauban's Minelayer changes.
Fixed enemies appearing to fight gravity as they are pulled towards Vauban's Tether-Flechette mine.
Fixed Sparring weapons appearing invisible when equipped on Vauban Prime.
Fixed a script error caused by Vauban's Bastille.
Fixed a script error caused by Vauban's Tesla Nervos.
Fixed a script error caused by the Tether-Flechette mine from Vauban's Minelayer.

### Fixes
Top Fixes:
Fixed a progression stop in the Interrogation stage of The Old Peace if players died before the objective waypoint spawned.
Fixed the Operator being shorter than usual during Table For Two encounter in Duviri.
Fixed a loss of function when interacting with a Notification while previewing a Landing Craft skin.
Fixed various Syandana offset, holster offset, and cloth issues on the Vauban Heirloom skin.
Fixed energy color tints not properly applying to Gemini Skin irises.
Also fixed cases of Gemini skins taking on unintended tints in dioramas and loading screens.
Fixed Lyon's face deforming if his Mitre is removed from his Gemini Skin.
Fixed the Insign I Sporoi (and ranked up variants) having an incorrect offset on the Lyon Gemini Skin with his Mitre unequipped.
Fixed the Malean Ephemera market diorama not being centered on the actual Ephemera.
Fixed a script error when grappling to Anchors in The Perita Rebellion while using Titania's Razorwing.
Fixed a script error when viewing the Juggernaut in the Codex.
Fixed a rare sound leak caused by certain grenades.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCVauban Heirloom: Hotfix 41.1.1
**Date:** 2026-02-12T20:05:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 41.1: Vauban Heirloom
**Date:** 2026-02-11T16:03:38Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added the Digital Extremes logo on launch before the login screen. 
Added the Community Customizations from Prime Time 467 and 469 for Uriel. Wisp, Harrow, Titania, Kullervo, Wukong, Octavia, Khora and Revenant.

### Changes
Update 41.1: Vauban Heirloom:
The first update of 2026 is here!
Welcome the commanding Vauban Heirloom Collection with his new digs and new groove thanks to the Vauban Retouch.
New Lunar New Year (of the Kaithe) Collections are also here featuring the Dagath Yfari Skin and Gynfas Kaithe Skin, as well as many other fiery Kaithe-themed items.
Cuddle up with The Devil's Triad, who have been Floof-ified in the new Squishy Triad Floof Bundle.
The Old Peace Quest can now be replayed!
Return to the battlefields of Tau once again and be rewarded for doing so with the new Somatic Bearer Memorial Decoration (rewarded via inbox after quest completion - more details below).
We also have a great list of top changes and fixes.
We look forward to another exciting year of Warframe with you, Tenno!
PC DirectX 11: ~367.53 MB
PC DirectX 12: ~368.76 MB
Refine the legacy of a genius tactician with this collection of bold Heirloom items.
Honor Vauban's legacy of ingenuity in bold style. Heirloom skins signify the passage of time and the dedication of the Tenno.
Vauban Heirloom's signature overcoat has the following options from the Auxiliary attachments - the Overcoat is customized via the Attachment colors:
Vauban Heirloom Overcoat 
Vauban Heirloom Sleeveless Overcoat 
None - Will remove the coat entirely!
Note: The team was able to find a way to allow attachment offsets to adjust on Vauban based on his overcoat state. However, there may be cases where these offsets are not perfect from state to state, let us know if you come across any issues.
Vauban Heirloom's Signa, fashioned from coils of living energy.
A selection of bold colors honoring Vauban's legacy.
A sigil that celebrates Vauban's legacy.
A glyph that celebrates Vauban's legacy.
Fight smarter and harder.
With Vauban's shiny new Heirloom Skin, it's only fair for his kit to match his newly-buff exterior. Below is a full overview of Vauban's "retouch" — not a full rework, but rather some much-needed changes to make him more viable in 2026.
As part of this retouch, we have updated Vauban's tips, including clarification on what Abilities scale with Enemy Level (Tether-Flechette, and Photon Strike).
Updated Vauban's passive description to match how we communicate multiplicative damage: "Deal x1.25 Damage to incapacitated enemies"
Enemies affected by Electricity Status Effects from Tesla Nervos will also receive bonus damage via his Passive.
We are looking to expand this to shocks from all Electricity Status Effects, but this required more work than anticipated, meaning we couldn't squeeze it in for the release of his Heirloom.
The following changes address our two main concerns: Tesla Nervos are hard to keep track of, and can be unreliable when targeting enemies.
Tesla Nervos' Status Chance now scales with Power Strength.
AI Improvements:
Tesla Nervos will prioritize enemies who are outside of the range of other Nervos to spread their impact wider across the battlefield.
Since their Electricity Status effects now trigger Vauban's passive, spreading out ensures more enemies are affected by this damage buff.
Improved targeting logic to avoid invalid targets; the coil will now switch to another target if they struggle to attach (notably for flying enemies).
Tesla Nervos can now target Ragdolled enemies in Bastille.
Nervos now attach to enemies on first contact.
Tesla Nervos' shock now triggers immediately when latching on to a target.
Added a trail VFX to Tesla Nervos to help players track them better in-mission.
Augment
Tesla Bank:
Added a marker to enemies with a Nervos attached so players can more easily identify who to target.
Vauban's Minelayer offers four different mines, but one has stood out among the rest: Flechette. Our goal is to keep the mechanics of the various mines within Vauban's kit, but make them easier to access. Instead of having to cycle through 4 different mines, we are merging them into two mines: Tether-Flechette Orb (Tether Coil and Flechette) and Vector-Overdrive Pad (Vector Pad and Overdriver).
Merged Tether Coil and Flechette into one Mine with the following mechanics: Tether-Flechette Orb
Retained all existing Flechette mechanics.
The mine spawns tethers that pull enemies to it, and will search for new targets if their current target enters a Bastille.
This mine can stick to walls and ceilings.
Improved tether mechanic so enemies have less chance of getting stuck.
Merged Vector Pad and Overdrive into one Mine with the following mechanics: Vector-Overdrive Pad
Stepping on a Vector Pad now gives Overdriver buffs to any player (or Ally) who triggers them, meaning Vauban is no longer capped at 4 Overdriver buffs.
Player triggers also receive a 1.25x speed boost.
Speed and Damage buffs also now apply to the player's Companion.
Enemies who step on this pad are lightly staggered after they are boosted off.
Changed Minelayer casting to work with the Tap/Hold mechanic (Tap for Tether-Flechette, and Hold for Vector-Overdrive)
This Ability works with the Invert Tap/Hold setting.
Removed special HUD element for swapping between Mines since that mechanic is no longer present in this ability.
Updated VFX and SFX for each mine to make it clear which one is being cast.
7A154B_1.mp4Unavailable
Photon Strike is a flashy ability that is unfortunately overshadowed by other elements of Vauban's kit (coughcough Flechette). The goal of our changes is to increase its overall damage output so players are incentivized to reach for it more often.
Damage changes:
Enemies impacted by the explosion now receive forced Blast Status Effects. 
Photon Strike deals double damage to Overguard.
Reduced Energy cost to 50.
Increased blast radius from 5m to 7m. 
Enemies trapped in Bastille no longer get thrown about by Photon Strike.
Reduced VFX intensity for squadmates.
Added new sound layers to Photon Strike's cast SFX and added a new explosion sound.
Augment
Photon Repeater:
If Photon Strikes hits at least 5 enemies, the next cast will cost no Energy and fire two additional strikes.
Vauban's Bastille is an iconic element in his kit, but suffers from some outdated mechanics: namely the enemy cap, which heavily punishes those not investing in Ability Strength. These changes allow for Bastille to compete with other Crowd Control Abilities, and make its Armor Strip mechanic apply consistently to all enemies in its range.
45CCB7CBR_1.mp4Unavailable
 Note: Vauban has been modded for Range (and survivability) in this video to better showcase the Bastille enemy cap change.
Renamed to "Enduring Bastille".
Removed the repelling mechanic as Bastille no longer has an enemy cap.
Killing an enemy in Bastille will now increase its duration by +2s. 
The time increase scales with Duration, and the total bonus duration is capped at 2x of Bastille's modded Duration.
Vortex's duration is increased by 70% of its Maximum Duration for each additional Vortex thrown into it. (unchanged)
2026 is the Year of the Horse, and we're celebrating with new Kaithe-themed collections and more! Items in the collection can also be purchased separately from the in-game Market.
Reminder that you can still earn Dagath for free by completing the available Alerts until February 18th for her Blueprint and components!
Kindle the ghostly light of wrath with the Dagath Yfari Collection. The sight of her spectral cavalry strikes fear into the hearts of those with ill intent.
Dagath Yfari alights with ghostly flames. Her phantom cavalry also assumes a new and macabre aspect, their haunting visitation betiding woe for those who unwisely turn them away.
A cuddly Kaithe floof, to honor the most steadfast of the zodiac animals.
Bring forth the fiery steeds of Dagath Yfari's signature ephemera to follow in your footsteps.
The Collection also includes the following:
7-Day Resource Booster
7-Day Credit Booster
30,000 Kuva
300,000 Credits
Zaw Riven Mod
Kitgun Riven Mod
Celebrate the Year of the Horse in style with this equine collection.
The Tales of Duviri tell of the Gynfas Kaithe visiting homes on a moonless night. To deny it entry is to invite dire misfortune. A fitting steed for Dagath Yfari.
Gallop into the coming year with the freedom of the loyal horse.
A custom UI color theme. To change your UI theme, go to your Options, Interface, and select "Customize UI Theme".
A sprightly dance reminiscent of the kaithe's ambling prance, suitable for the Lunar Renewal.
Equip this emote using the Gear Wheel tab in your Arsenal.
The entrancing light of this fiery Sugatra will lead the unwary astray.
The Collection also includes the following:
7-Day Affinity Booster
20,000 Kuva
200,000 Credits
All items from the Dagath Yfari Collection
All items from the Year of the Kaithe Collection
Rifle Riven Mod
Pistol Riven Mod
Melee Riven Mod
Available from the in-game Market:
Bingwu Glyph (1 Credit) 
Lunar Renewal Horse Sigil
Available from Baro Ki'Teer on February 20
22 and March 6
8:
Lunar Renewal Horse Emblem (1 Credit) 
All previous years' Lunar Renewal Emblems will also be available during these visits for Ducats and Credits.
Bring home the familiar faces of the Devil's Triad
whether friends or enemies, now cuddly for your convenience - available for purchase in the in-game Market! Each of these Floofs can also be purchased separately.
"What's this? My likeness, rendered in some sort of malleable textile? The indignity."
Vice Regent Grand Carnus Roathe
"Regardez! Mon visage, but surely far more adorable, n'est-ce pas? I simply must squish mes petites joues!"
Marie Leroux
"I do not understand the purpose behind crafting such a ridiculous image. No, I will not give it back."
F. Lyon Allard
Removed the Seeding Steps Ephemera Blueprint from the Arbitrations mission rewards and adjusted the drop tables to redistribute rates: 
Vitus Essence x3 from 7% to 10%
Endo x1,500 from 33% to 35%
It is still available from the Arbitrations Honors for Vitus Essence! 
Made the following changes to the Install Shuttle Uplink Perita Rebellion order based on player feedback that the power up phase was being interrupted too frequently:
Reduced the enemy hack time from 14 to 7 seconds, so that the shuffle has a chance to activate. 
Increased the damage threshold for squads with multiple players, so the power interrupt is less likely to occur. 
We've added more Mandarin VO in these areas listed below - reminder that you can change your Audio Language to Simplified Chinese from the launcher to change the character voice lines. Thank you again to our friends at WeGame for the continued effort to add more VO to the game!
Quests:
Isleweaver
Jade Shadows
1999 
Lotus Eaters 
The New War
Added Breacher Moa lines 
Duviri Paradox
A minor line was missing 
1999 & Round Table Protoframe Voice Lines (romance, vendor, Gemini Skins and mission lines) 
Mission specific:
Cephalon Cy in Railjack missions
Scaldra enemies in Höllvania missions
Technocyte Coda members 
Belric & Rania in Mirror Defense
Fibonacci in Alchemy
Loid in Netracell missions
Major Rusalka in Scaldra Extreminate, Undercroft and Isleweaver node
Scaldra Screamer in Stage Defense
Teshin in Undercroft Alchemy 
Vay Hek in Ghoul Purge and Plague Star 
Added Vendor Dialogue for:
Saya at Koumei's Shrine
Loid in Sanctum Anatomica
Tagfer in Sanctum Anatomica
The Business in Fortuna
Misc. 
Grandmother's dialogue in the Whisper Naberus Mobile
Ollie's dialogue in Ollie's Crash Course
Duviri NPCs & Orowyrm dialogue (Lodun etc)
Updated several Animation Set icons for better consistency across all Warframes. 
Made minor changes to language used in Lyon's KIM conversations for improved clarity.
Added an explanation for how to equip Emotes in their Market descriptions.
Updated store icons for some Emotes for uniformity across all.
Optimized the GI lighting, fog and some of the debris meshes in the Stage Defense mission to improve performance. 
Made performance improvements to the Albrecht's Laboratories tileset, notably in Assassination tiles, with fixes to its GI lighting. 
Lighting quality in this tileset has also been improved! Previously, there were sun casts across the entire proc, which was causing the lighting to be blown out. 
Improved detection of systems impacted by the Intel Vmin Shift Instability (we use this when reporting crashes to inform players that they might be able to improve stability with a BIOS update).
Refactored chat server connection code for PC in preparation for fixes for all platforms. 
Made rendering robust when faced with corrupt assets. 
Optimized viewing of online friends or clan-mates by reducing network overhead. 
Made general performance optimizations. 
Fixed performance issues caused by shooting Zephyr's Tornado with Secondary Irradiate equipped.

Fixed performance issues caused by the Optimism Peely Pix.

### Fixes
Fixed edge-cases of Tenno still not earning rewards from Elite Temporal/Deep Archimedea due to the servers not registering that Personal Modifiers are selected.
Fixed Blueprints and Infernum Rewards not showing on the Descendia End of Mission rewards screen.
Fixed a loss of function (unable to shoot, use abilities, or move normally) when using Ember/Protea and the Vinquibus. 
Fixed Pennant's unique trait not working in the Simulacrum and for Clients in general. 
Fixed loss of Grapple functionality after casting Vazarin's Guardian Shell in The Perita Rebellion.
KIM Fixes:
Fixed a bug with Lyon while in Rank 6
Bestfriends/Loved where he would hang forever on "Typing..." 
Fixed breaking up with Lyon causing your Chemistry Rank to change to "Friendly". 
For affected players, on login this will be corrected to Rank 5
Close (non dating) as intended! 
Fixes towards cases of Roathe being Anathema despite meeting all requirements. 
We're hoping that we've corrected this for all players, but it is possible that there are more instances of this. If you encounter it again, please let us know! 
Fixed cases of incorrect dialogue appearing in chat history with Roathe and Marie in the KIM.
Fixed being unable to romance any of The Hex Protoframes if you are also romancing someone from The Devil's Triad. 
For those who are stuck in a state where they still can't romance The Hex after this Hotfix, you can contact support for further assistance. 
This also fixes Quincy getting stuck typing forever in one of his Rank 5 (Close) conversations if you're exclusively dating one of The Devil's Triad Protoframes. 
Fixed being able to skip past a Rank in the KIM chats if the "Play All KIM Conversations" setting is on and then turned off at later ranks. 
For those who skipped a rank, the affected Protoframes will go back to the intended rank and appear Online again with the associated dialogue to complete. 
Fixed Marie's Rank 6 dialogue amount requirements not matching with her Rank 7. 
Fixed Operator/Drifter Makeup saving to all appearance configurations instead of the selected one.
Fixed Kullervo's Wrathful Advance not triggering Thalys' Incarnon form. 
Fixed Uriel's Brimstone gauge resetting after Transference (UI only issue). 
Fixed Clients being unable to auto-parry the first incoming projectile.
Fixed Operators being able to join The Devil's Triad Captura Date Scenes. These scenes are intended to be Drifter only. 
Fixed Ash's Teleport Finisher Damage not scaling off of Ability Strength.
Fixed rare bug where Clients would get teleported back to the terminal they interacted with in the first objective after hacking a mine in the second objective in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed loaner Archwing weapons becoming underpowered after reviving in the Hunhullus fight.
Fixed Clients being able to roam Duviri freely as a Maw after starting Maw Feeding together post-Host migration.
Fixed some cinematics in the Second Dream quest incorrectly keeping your Warframe's weapons equipped in hand.
Fixed Titania remaining in Razorwing during a cinematic in the Second Dream.
Fixed Operator holding Archgun in Second Dream cinematic after using Archgun Deployer.
Fixed the flashlight going out in the Chains of Harrow Quest. Everyone afraid of the dark, rejoice! 
Fixed Ayatan Sculptures unintentionally spawning during the Second Dream quest.
Fixed unintended Warframe doubling in a cinematic during the Sacrifice quest.
Fixed a progression stop and function loss after opening the Once Awake Inbox Message.
Fixed not having weapons in the Prime Vanguard fight after being disarmed by Mesa Prime before being teleported into the boss arena in The Perita Rebellion. 
Fixed Sentinel being unequipped after completing a Decendia floor with the "Battle Kaithes" challenge.
Fixed Focus Convergence Orbs and other loot getting stuck inside of inaccessible sections of the Stage Defense tileset. These items will now be teleported out to a spot players can reach.
Fixed issue where sections of the underground tube in Stage Defense tile would not appear for Clients and players with Geometry Quality set to low.
Fixed several issues with the respawn volume behind extraction in one of the Corpus Outpost tiles (texture gaps, plants behind respawn volume, loss of function when entering volume). 
Fixed wonky spawn location for Hell-Scrubbers in one of the Höllvania tiles. 
Fixed collision breaking in The New War quest if the Narmer Mask cinematic in the Stolen Plates stage is triggered while riding K-Drive. 
Fixed level 30 Coolant Raknoid enemies spawning in Vox Solaris Quest missions.
Fixed Deepmines Bounties being a node requirement to mark Venus as complete in the Navigation UI, which was confusing players into believing they weren't eligible to unlock the Steel Path.
Fixed the UI incorrectly wrapping text for items with long names.
Fixed Vinquibus incorrectly having a melee entry in the Profile screen when it should only show as a Primary.
Fixed the "Upgrade Available" notification for Tauron Strike Focus Nodes not appearing when it should. 
Fixed the Tektokylst Artifacts options appearing in the Dojo Arsenal UI (support for Tektoklyst Artifacts in the Dojo is not available).
Fixed several issues with Gemini Skins developing odd facial features:
Fixed the Devil's Triad Gemini Skins faces deforming in the login and menu screens (ex: Roathe being lipless in login screen, which Marie and Lyon might actually be celebrating).
Fixed Kaya, Roathe, Marie and Lyon's faces deforming while riding Atomicycle. 
Fixed Drifter's face deforming when using Gemini Emotes. 
Fixed Flare's Gemini Skin missing face idles. A rockstar needs to express themselves! 
Fixed Operator/Drifter face clipping through Hoods (notably Umbra Hooded Scarf, Feldune Hood, Voidshell Hood). 
Fixed alternative Holster Styles for the following Incarnons missing offsets: 
Hate Incarnon
Nami Solo Incarnon
Anku Incarnon 
Innodem 
Praedos
Known Issue: Holster issues with Thalys' Incarnon Mode. 
Fixed several armor offset issues with Lyon's Gemini Skin. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Vanda Prime Armor on Drifter. 
Fixed offset issues with the Insign Chest Armor on Banshee's Soprana Skin. 
This also fixes the offset issues with the Loiaus Chest Medallion. 
Fixed Ki'Teer Atmos Mask offset issues on Drifter while in Duviri. 
Fixed offset issues with the Conquera Shoulder Ribbon, Tannukai Shoulder Plates and Asakage Shoulder Armor on Caliban. 
Fixed Lettie missing her freckles and beauty mark. 
Fixed part of the Tempestarii Railjack Skin not retaining custom Energy colors.
Fixed several armor offset issues on Voruna. 
Fixed offset issues with the cyst and holster styles on the Lyon Gemini Skin. 
Fixed Signas' offset resetting after being adjusted and reducing performance.
Fixed armor offset issues on the Kullervo Apostate Skin. 
Fixed materials on the Lunar Renewal Dragon Emblem to be consistent with the other Lunar Renewal Emblems.
Fixed Lingering Transmutation's description being inaccurate stating that the probe returns to Lavos instead of to the cast position as intended. 
Now reads: "Probe returns to cast position after reaching max range, and remains nearby for 15s. Recall Probe by recasting. Recast again to end."
Fixed a rare case where launcher changes would not update until the next time the launcher was started. 
Fixed the Operator/Drifter's body disappearing when Reset Defaults is selected twice during Customization.
Fixed roman numeral "i" not being localized correctly in Turkish.
Fixed The Lost Islands of Duviri Fragments missing from the Codex when viewed from the Dormizone.
Fixed Operator/Drifter unintentionally rotating in Customization if Randomize All/Reset Defaults was clicked.
Fixed Ordis interrupting the Alad V cinematic that plays after completing the Jupiter Junction. 
Fixed the Vestan Moss Decoration missing punctuation in its description.
Added VFX on the Tauron Strike Charge HUD to indicate whether a Convergence or Tauron Boost Convergence Orb has been picked up.
Fixed being unable to access the Focus School Upgrade Menu from the Dormizone.
Fixed four TennoGen items that were accessible on platforms they are not licensed for due to a setup error. 
The Chroma Drevni Skin, Hildryn Sarcostema Helmet, Eternalia Tower Oculus, and Stygean Oculus now adhere to the policies outlined in the TennoGen And Cross Platform Save document. For more information, we've shared a TennoGen PSA. 
Fixed a capitalization issue for Jupiter in Baro's dialogue.
Fixed small typo in the Madurai Vanguard Honoria description. 
Fixed texture issues with Loid's suit chest window. 
Fixed the back of Ember Heirloom's Prex Card missing the glitter VFX.
Fixed crash caused by launching an Arbitration mission from the Zariman or Sanctum Anotomica. 
Fixed script error caused by stat compare in UI. 
Fixed an "out of memory" crash. 
Fixed script error related to Player Profiles.
Fixed script error when using an Archgun in the Hunhullus fight prior to the Archwing phase.
Fixed graphics crash.
Fixed script error in Descendia's Shrine Defense. 
Fixed crash caused by Railjack mission.
Fixed crash related to turrets in The Perita Rebellion.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCUpdate 41.1: Vauban Heirloom
**Date:** 2026-02-11T16:03:38Z | **Type:** Update
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.7
**Date:** 2026-01-14T20:10:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Missed Note From 41.0.6:
Fixed Skin-specific armor not being removed when equipping a different armor piece in its slot.
Made further improvements to Void Cascade spawns, especially when playing solo.
Removed the Spinnerex and Kestrel from being usable in Conclave, as they are not balanced for this gamemode.
Remastered various Hex kiss cinematics and the Table for Two cinematic in The New War to use new Drifter faces.
Many of these notes are vague to avoid spoilers so it may be unclear if these fixes apply to you — regardless, we've tried to cover as many issues that we could find:
Updated Roathe's profile notes to be less confusing if players are Anathema after being Trusted.
Fixed players not being able to reunite the family if they missed a certain conversation with Roathe when he was Close. 
We've added a similar conversation for those at Best Friends / Loved Rank so they can trigger this event.
Also added a conversation to Lyon at Best Friends to address other cases of players being in a failstate for the Reunion.
Fixed players being able to date Roathe without hitting the requirements, causing them to be Best Friends while also in a Romance.
Players in this state will have their Rank reverted to Close and will see an Anathema label in his Profile to indicate that key checkpoints have not been reached. If you are affected by this, we recommend spending more time in Descendia, or speak to Marie or Lyon for assistance.
Fixed missing response options in a KIM Chat with Roathe, leaving the Drifter to only reply [end].
Fixed a case of one of Roathe's conversations not starting while Close.
Fixed Roathe's profile notes not being updated properly if players moved him out of Anathema, causing players to think they needed to reset when they didn't need to.
This hotfix has shipped an account update to clear the incorrect note for players in this state.
Fixed an edge-case of Lyon not speaking to players if they managed to get enough Chemistry to skip from Friendly to Trusted with Marie.
Fixed Lyon's rank sometimes changing to Friendly once he has agreed to a Romance. 
Players in this state should see their rank update properly to Close or Loved (depending on your Chemistry). 
Fixed Marie missing default profile notes while Trusted, which was leading to some confusion.
Fixed Marie sending players to talk to Roathe despite that conversation not being available, resulting in a dead-end.
Fixed Marie mentioning meeting Otak too early in a KIM conversation.
Fixed various typos and made minor copy tweaks in The Devil's Triad KIM chats.
Fixed Loid missing his glasses and issues with Roathe's clothes in the reunion cinematic.
Fixed various map holes in Marie's Room Captura scene.
Also fixed decorations remaining floating in-place if the furniture they were placed on were destroyed in Marie's Room Scene.
Fixed an animation pop in Roathe's kiss cinematic.

### Fixes
Fixed players not receiving rewards from the third mission in Deep/Temporal Archimedea.
This was the result of unclaimed Challenges resetting Personal Modifiers when accessing the Archimedea screens, causing Reward Points in the UI to not match the actual Reward Points earned from completing the Archimedea missions. 
Fixed loss of function for Mesa if she had Mesa's Waltz equipped and cast Peacemaker while her secondary weapon was active, then used Transference.
Fixed Tellurium dropping in Recall: Hunhullus missions in The Perita Rebellion.
This was an unintended effect of the Archwing portion of the fight. We have removed this resource as it is not lore consistent for this mission.
Also fixed dropships dropping Circuits in a specific tile in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed missing facial animations and romance-specific voice lines for Roathe, Lyon, and Marie's Gemini skins.
Fixed killing a boss in Descendia during their intro cinematic causing the Infernum to be progression stopped.
Fixed one of Marie's abilities being able to instantly kill Roathe in Descendia, causing his fight to be progression stopped.
Fixed being unable to use Helminth Invigoration Overrides.
Fixed summoning a Heavy Weapon twice in one mission resulting in function loss.
Fixed the "Flawless" and "Survival" Nightwave Acts not properly tracking progress.
Fixed Naramon's Lethal Levitation not functioning for Clients.
Fixed Atlas not receiving bonus Rubble when punching a Petrified enemy with Landslide.
Fixed Uriel being dragged to the ground when flying in Infernalis on the Cambion Drift.
Fixed Gulphagor targeting enemies that could latch onto players (ex: Maggots), thereby causing latch-ception.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Reckoning not affecting ragdolled enemies.
Fixed Banshee's Silence causing Roathe to freeze if cast while he was mid-special attack in Descendia.
Fixed various issues caused by casting Abilities while grappling to an Anchor in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed Gyre Prime, Alternox Prime, and Kestrel Prime not being prioritized over their non-prime versions in Teshin's Cave offerings in Duviri.
Fixed players becoming permanently invisible if they cast their Tauron Strike in a specific way.
Fixed the Nidri Tauron Strike description in the Vazarin Focus Upgrade menu incorrectly listing duration at 30s instead of 20s.
Fixed certain Quest transmissions not playing when generic transmissions are disabled (notably Alad V's opening dialogue in The Second Dream).
Fixed players not having enough Stormbringers to Dissolve in The Teacher Quest if they dissolved 2 and then relogged immediately after, resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed a loss of function if new players entered the Codex via the Update Screen menu during Vor's Prize.
Fixed the Typholyst being able to jump out of the map in The New War, causing the quest to become progression stopped.
Fixed the Murex missing in a cinematic during Veso's segment of The New War quest.
Fixed Darvo briefly flashing on-screen during the Purge sequence in The War Within quest.
Fixed pathing issues with Sentient boarding parties in The New War quest.
Fixed players being able to skip Itzam's quiz in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed various issues relating to the Somatic Bearers mechanic in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed SFX not playing when returning to the standing position.
Fixed VFX from creating a Memory not spawning from the correct location.
Fixed buff VFX lingering during cinematic moments and when combat ends.
Fixed Excalibur Prime holding an invisible weapon when exiting the Somatic Bearers menu.
Fixed a Prime Grineer t-posing in a segment of The Old Peace quest.
Fixed Clients not seeing certain boss health bars in Descendia.
Fixed players being stuck outside of the H-09 Efervon Tank arena if the fight was triggered while they were dead and they revived after it began.
Fixed orbs not properly being destroyed for Clients in the Archwing segment of the Hunhulls fight, causing them to suffer additional radial attacks.
Fixed cases of Teshin's transmissions appearing in Steel Path Descendia after a Host Migration.
Fixed two bosses spawning in Descendia following a host migration.
Fixed shoulder armor offsets not matching between Valkyr Heirloom's left and right arms.
Fixed Roathe's haircut disappearing when entering Void Mode as the Operator/Drifter.
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow Alternative Fire stat listing a string path instead of the intended term.
Fixed Insign Armor Challenge descriptions being cut off after a comma in the Arsenal.
Fixes towards issues when two players access the Tektolyst Artifact upgrade screen in a squad while in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a script error if players were in the Blessing screen for Lyon or Marie while their squadmates progressed to the next Inferum in Descendia.
Fixed a script error caused by the Shrine Defense objective in Descendia.
Fixed a script error related to the refresh rate setting.
Fixed unowned TennoGen items being listed in Look Links on non-Steam launchers. Now, they will not appear like other items that are unavailable.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.7
**Date:** 2026-01-14T20:10:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.6
**Date:** 2026-01-08T18:35:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Adjusted Jade's Glory on High VFX to work better with the "Reduce Teammate Visual Effects" setting, and reduced some of the brighter elements following community feedback.
Temporarily removed Techrot Upsurge and Volatile Techrot modifiers from spawning in certain Hex Bounties as they could prevent Extraction.
Polished some camera transitions in a later stage of The Old Peace quest.

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to ask Roathe to date in La Cathédrale.
Fixed Roathe being permanently ragdolled by Voruna's Ulfrun's Descent, causing his fight in Descendia to become progression stopped.
Fixed being unable to complete the "Catch one fish, mine one gem or metal, and kill one enemy in 30 seconds" Riven Challenge.
Tentative fix for continued Netracell spawning issues for players who frequently swapped between Operator and Warframe.
This also addresses a similar issue where enemies would not spawn in Void Cascade.
Fixed Railjack Crew, On-Call Crew, Specters, and Rescue targets getting stuck in a floating horizontal stance.
Fixed Marie swapping from Close to Anathema if players ran out of conversations with her at this rank.
We revised the number of conversations needed to progress to the next rank, and made it easier to unlock opportunities to earn more Chemistry with her at this rank.
Additionally, we've made it easier to unlock opportunities to earn more Chemistry with Lyon and Roathe at Close Rank as well, to avoid a similar issue occurring with them.
If you were stuck in this state, you should be able to progress with Marie once more!
Fixed using a Tauron Strike during Titania's Razorwing causing future casts of Razorwing to break.
Fixed an unholy Drifter / Operator hybrid appearing at the start of The Duviri Paradox quest if players have not yet completed The New War.
Fixed the Amanata's passive no longer re-rolling its buff every 30 hits.
Fixed getting stuck on Marie's Infernum in Descendia if you spoke to her just as your Squad descended into the next Infernum.
Fixed the HUD buff indicator for Uriel's Remedium not displaying the ability name.
Fixed cases of players not receiving the Kavat Genetic Codes or Power Cores if they already owned some when purchasing the Vasca Kavat Kit.
We will be running a script for affected players post-hotfix!
Fixed the Vinquibus' custom reticle disappearing in a stage of The Old Peace quest.
Fixed breakable items in a later stage of The Old Peace quest being broken without Infernalis being properly cast.
Fixed a case of Cross Platform Save accounts being able to apply multiple Invigorations via the Helminth.
Fixes towards spot-loading when opening the Pause menu if players have an active Adversary.
Fixed the Roathe and Marie Gemini Emotes not using custom energy colours.
Also fixed Marie's Gemini emote VFX being very bright for squadmates.
Fixed various edge-cases related to The Devil's Triad KIM conversations:
Fixed Loid not actually completing a certain promised action even if players successfully triggered it.
Fixed Marie appearing to type endlessly in a certain KIM conversation.
Fixed a dialogue tree choice in one of Lyon's KIM conversations causing him to become softlocked.
Fixed being able to confess to lying to Marie despite never having done so.
Fixed a case of Roathe incorrectly accusing you of doing a certain action that you definitely did not do.
Fixed being bounced between Lyon and Roathe if Roathe is waiting for you to complete a certain objective for him.
Fixed a rare case of being able to date all three members of The Devil's Triad at once. If we wanted that to be possible, we'd call them The Devil's Thruple instead.
Fixed various minor typos and an instance of confusing dialogue in KIM conversations with The Devil's Triad.
Fixed Teshin transmissions being able to play during Shrine Defense stages in Descendia on The Steel Path.
Fixed the Operator being able to break into La Cathédrale if they fast travelled in the transition area between the Necralisk and Sanctum Anatomica.
Fixed a black screen appearing if players entered the Focus Upgrade menu from the Arsenal and quickly exited out.
Fixed the newly-unequipped weapon slot in the Arsenal being briefly unresponsive after unequipping the Vinquibus.
Fixed the Tenens X Kalika challenge being completable with any version of The Fragmented boss fight, instead of The Fragmented One as intended.
Fixed a floating turret in The Perita Rebellion missions.
Fixed a case of Lettie letting the Drifter rizz themself up instead of her.
Fixed suffix Honoria causing minor UI clipping issues.
Fixed Peculiar Audience's SFX not playing for squadmates.
Fixed the Power Core's description stating it can be earned from the Mars Junction when it is now earned from the Mercury Junction.
Fixed minor inconsistencies with value color tags (ex: green for a positive stat change) in Descendia Blessing descriptions.
Fixed a script error when attempting to start the Angels of Zariman quest.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's Sporespring.
Fixed a script error when related to the minimap when in Grendel's Pulverize.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.6
**Date:** 2026-01-08T18:35:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.5
**Date:** 2025-12-18T20:19:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Added the Insign Bundle to Roathe's Surplus Wares in La Cathédrale.
This bundle contains the Insign Honoria and the Insign I Sporoi — a new evolving chest armor!
Like the Protovyre series of cosmetics, the Insign I Sporoi evolves as players accomplish additional challenges befitting a warrior. Evolve this new armor piece through 20 tiers of challenges and display your achievements proudly.
The "Mission Tutorial Transmissions" toggle now applies to various transmissions in The Perita Rebellion.
Updated Facial Accessory description to remove mention of Operator (since Drifters can use them too!).
Added an objective marker on a breakable item if players spend too long in the room without breaking it in a stage near the end of The Old Peace quest.
Fixed Roathe being a sore loser and still going ahead with punching your ever-loving guts out even if you literally crucified him to the wall with an energy stapler mere moments ago. 
Translation of the programmer note: Fixed Roathe being able to use one of his special attacks when he is tied to the Throne if it started charging before you killed him.
Fixed players with loaner Archwing gear in the Hunhullus fight entering the Archwing stage without a weapon if they died earlier in the fight.
Fixed players being stuck in Archwing if they respawned after the Hunhullus fight ended in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixes:
Fixed Titania's Razorflies targeting aggressive Conservation targets (like Predasites).
Fixed inconsistent Enemy Highlighting during a segment of The Old Peace quest.
Fixed various offset issues with the Dax Lustratus Shoulder Armor.
Fixed VFX issues for Wisp's Solgate if cast with the Marie Gemini Skin equipped.
Fixed being unable to select the Sunrise and Beach Kavat Floofs after placing them as a decoration.
Fixed walking through the Heurodis Decoration causing the camera to clip into your Warframe.
Fixed various minor UI positioning issues in Varzia's Prime Resurgence screen.
Fixed a few more typos in The Devil's Triad KIM chats.
Fixed the Dactolyst missing an icon in the Codex.
Fixed various softlocks when opening Dioramas.
Fixed a crash in Sanctuary Onslaught.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

### Fixes
Fixed Railjack Crew and Specters having difficulties pathing and using context actions.
Fixed cases of Tektolyst resource pickups disappearing quickly when dropped by Commandeered Prime Warframes in The Perita Rebellion on Steel Path.
Fixed Yareli being dismounted from Merulina and losing collision when moving between tiles in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed your Warframe turning into a mutant Excalidrifter when accessing Duviri Captura scenes. 
They may be gone now, but they'll haunt your nightmares for years to come.
Fixed being unable to pick up the Sagek Prime after being disarmed.
Fixed Vinquibus' passive counter always remaining empty for Clients.

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.5
**Date:** 2025-12-18T20:19:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.4
**Date:** 2025-12-17T19:34:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This feature was released in 41.0.3, but not in a fully polished state. The following changes and fixes should make it less obtrusive!For context, these are the Convergence Orbs that appear once a player has hit their Daily Focus Cap.
### Fixes
Tauron Strike Charging Changes & Fixes:
Fixed Commandeered Prime Warframes not appearing if players completed the Order before they had a chance to spawn in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed Uriel's Infernalis and Brimstone not triggering Arcane Hot Shot for Clients.
This was because the damage for Clients wasn't being considered Ability Damage, also causing damage numbers to not match the appropriate tint as well.
Fixed Roathe's Infernum missing the "Descend" button if the UI scale is set below a certain threshold in the Descendia mission start screen.
Fixed a case of players being able to equip a Primary Weapon with the Vinquibus in the Melee Weapon slot.
Fixed Roathe missing Arcane Consequence in his Marks of Valor store.
Fixed the ! notification not appearing on the POM-2 when The Devil's Triad and The Roundtable Protoframes have new KIM conversations available.
Fixed Companions disappearing after a Kaithe Infernum in Descendia.
Fixed the Thermian RPG Penance allowing them to be spawned endlessly in Descendia.
Fixed various offset issues for the Dax Lustratus Shoulder Armor.
Fixed Pressure Gauge objective in Descendia spawning its ideal pressure at the same points every time, instead of being dynamically generated.
Fixed Initiative Buff pop-up appearing in Host's language for Clients in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed cases of Blessing descriptions using Host language for Clients in Descendia.
Fixed a case of function loss for Operator if Last Gasp is unlocked and they die in the Prime Vanguard fight in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed players having a permanent white screen if they entered Last Gasp in a Descendia floor with Kaithes. 
This also addresses other situations of Last Gasp not working correctly if it is triggered after players completed an Infernum with a vehicle (ex: Kaithes).
Tentative fix towards cases of Clients being unable to use Tauron Strikes in The Perita Rebellion if accessed via Mission Preview.
Fixed a hitch caused by Nekros' Shadows of the Dead when moving between Infernums in Descendia.
Fixed a script error caused by Lyon's "Ascetic Munitions" blessing in Descendia.
Fixed a script error when attempting to use Abilities against the Hunhullus.
Fixed Vexoric's spectral blades not functioning properly if the Tauron Strike was cast by a squadmate.
Also fixed the spectral blades not matching the tints of the cast Vexoric.
Fixed a hitch at the start of the Dactolyst fight in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed Character Highlights applying to a few cinematics in The Old Peace.
Fixed cases of screenshake lingering after the "Too Far" segment in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed a character unintentionally having Protea's Temporal Anchor VFX when rewinding in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed performance issues caused by the Akarius with Arcane Pistoleer equipped.
Fixed Operator not looking at the camera at the end of the "Table for Two" scene in The New War.
Fixed Eskhatos Ki'teer Ephemera unintentionally highlighting eyes and mouths on Drifters/Operators and Gemini skins.
Fixed incorrect offset of the Vanda Prime Chest armor when equipped on Drifter.
Fixed your Drifter not appearing if active when viewing your own profile.
Fixed players being able to lead Marie to repeat herself endlessly in a KIM conversation. 
If you're someone who made use of this bug, your chat history with her may be a little broken as a result. Only fair, considering what you put her through.
Fixed Founders Honoria inbox messages being sent from Ordis instead of Roathe.
Fixed some typos and minor grammatical errors in The Devil's Triad KIM conversations.
Fixed a script error caused by Uriel's Brimstone.
Fixed a script error caused by Vythelas' Runes.
Fixed a script error in the Tektolyst Artifact upgrade screen.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.4
**Date:** 2025-12-17T19:34:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.3
**Date:** 2025-12-16T16:03:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Updated various descriptions to better explain Tauron Strikes and their mechanics:
Updated Tauron Strike Focus node descriptions to add duration and enhance overall clarity.
Added clarification on how Tauron Strike charge is gained in the on-hover tooltip in the Tektolyst Artifact Upgrade screen.
As a reminder, Tauron Strike Charge can be gained by killing enemies, with or without Focus Lenses equipped (Lenses boost charge amount), and by picking up Convergence Orbs (which give you a base amount of charge on pickup and buff the charge rate from killing enemies for 45s). 
Players with a Tektolyst Artifact for their active Focus School will now see a pop-up in the Arsenal if a Lens is not installed on any item in their Loadout.
This pop-up explains that installed Lenses will charge their Tauron Strikes significantly faster!
Renamed "Persistent Effect" to "Temporary Effect" to indicate they have a limited duration.
Related Fixes:
Fixed the Spectral Pages Focus node giving +0% increased value per rank instead of the intended +10%. Also clarified that they grant base +10% Cast Speed, Strength, and Duration.
Fixed Overwhelming Power Focus node missing the "Warframe/Operator" category in the on-hover description.
Made various tweaks to Vinquibus' SFX.
Adjusted various cosmetic descriptions to remove specific mention of Warframes or Operators if those items can also be equipped by the Drifter.
Improved the visibility of the mines in The Perita Rebellion.
Lyon and Marie's names now appear over their heads when you look at them in Defense missions in Descendia.
Fixed being able to survive one of Roathe's abilities if players were using Transference.
Also fixed one of Roathe's abilities not instantly killing players when hit.
Fixed entering a new Infernum and then dying as Operator/Drifter in Descendia causing players to spawn in the previous Infernum where their Warframe was last used.
Fixed breaking all the tumors too quickly causing the Hive mission to become progression stopped in Descendia.
Fixed kills that occur outside of the objective tile causing Authorization Codes to spawn far away in the Makvoss Cannon objective in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed an issue where the Auroch Supply Vehicle would have an incorrect amount of health in the rare case the objective is rolled more than once during The Perita Rebellion.
Also adjusted the Auroch Supply Vehicle's speed to be more consistent across levels.
Fixed Orokin dropships not having collision in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed only one player in a squad being able to receive the Exorcist Honoria in Descendia.
Fixed being able to Fast Travel during The Devil's Triad introductory cinematic, causing various UI to overlap.
Fixed Clients not seeing Transference UI elements after a Host Migration in The Perita Rebellion if they are using the Mission Preview feature.
Fixed an incorrect exploding barrel mesh appearing in certain tiles in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed a resource crate being stuck inside a rock in a tile in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed a script error caused by Commandeered Volt Prime if its target dies mid-cast of his Shock ability.
Fixed a small hitch when Commandeered Ash Prime spawns in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's Sprodling form in Descendia.
Fixed a rare crash in The Perita Rebellion.

### Fixes
For more information on how to participate, check out our official Operation Forum Post.
Fixed various cases of players being in a broken state after the transition to the Archwing Stage of the Hunhullus fight.
We are still investigating edge-cases, but this fix should address the most common causes of this bug.
Fix an issue where the Drifter shown in kiss cinematics might not match your actual Drifter.
Fixed Lyon Allard's "Sacred Annihilation" Blessing applying to Melee weapons and Damage Over Time effects.
Also fixed it being able to insta-kill Invulnerable targets and Bosses.
Fixed the "Find Hidden Ground Scanners" Order becoming progression stopped if players destroyed a mine too early in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed Yareli being unable to complete various Orders in The Perita Rebellion while on Merulina.
Fixed Primary Bulwark's bonus applying to all weapons, instead of only your Primary.
Fixed Oraxia's fight Honoria not being awarded to Clients.
Fixed a bug where Primary Overcharge would calculate infinite multishot.
Fixed the Entrati Syndicate having an unintentional Mastery Rank 9 requirement as a result of the Keratinos Blueprint sacrifice.
We've swapped the required sacrifice to ONE Keratinos Blade Blueprint, so players still have less to farm than originally!
Fixed cases of Clients being teleported to a previous hacking terminal if they encounter multiple hacking objectives in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed players not being teleported into Roathe's boss arena if they were outside of it when the fight is triggered.
Fixed Uriel not triggering Archon Intensify when healing his Demons.
Fixed Arcane Irradiate triggering recursively off of Cyte-09's Resupply elemental ammo.
Fixed Zid-An Uskos' heat buff not applying to Exalted Secondary Weapons.
Fixed Uriel's Demon Vythelas' heat damage buff being permanent, instead of properly clearing once the Demonium buff has expired.
Fixed various VFX issues for the Dax Weapon Skins, including missing VFX, incorrect colors applying to the VFX, and missing textures.
Fixed Clan Sigils not displaying the custom icon when equipped on Operators or Drifters.
Fixed the Eskhatos Kiteer Ephemera not applying this VFX to player helmets.
Fixed emissive tints not properly applying to Operator/Drifter attachments.
Fixed Drifter's face morphing when toggling the Grand Carnus Hood opened and closed.
Fixed being unable to change the textures on Operator/Drifter Voidshell Suits.
Fixed Magus and Emergence Arcanes being displayed like Mods if obtained from Arcane Dissolution.
Fixed Uriel's demons targeting wildlife and other neutral-faction entities. Attacking Pobbers willy-nilly is a level of evil even Uriel can't withstand.
Fixed Nullifier bubbles having collision for player cameras.
Fixed the "Play All Dialogues" setting not being registered until a player had logged out of the POM-2, possibly causing them to miss KIM conversations.
Fixed Amp stats incorrectly being categorized as Primary in the Tektolyst Artifact upgrade screen.
Fixed missing La Cathédrale portal when returning to the Sanctum Anatomica from a mission.
Fixed new players hearing The Dark Refractory mission countdown SFX in regular Navigation.
Fixed Character Highlighting applying to certain cutscenes in The Old Peace quest.
Fixed being able to Slash Dash into the Makvoss Cannon during The Old Peace quest.
Fixed a case of Adis spawning in the ceiling in a mission during The Old Peace quest.
Fixed the elevator not moving if a player used Transference right after activating it during The Old Peace quest.
Fixed Nef Anyo's beard not lighting up during transmissions in Deepmines Bounties.
Fixed offset icons in Varzia's Prime Resurgence menu.
Fixed the Tau Dax Rifle Skin playing Incarnon SFX when swapping between firing modes.
Fixed Oraxia's footstep SFX not playing during Silken Stride.
Fixed a case of Lettie's KIM Profile Notes indicating that she was dateable but also not dateable at the same time. Schrodinger's kiss!
Fixed Somachord Tones being able to spawn in The Old Peace Captura scenes.
Fixed a method of being able to bypass purchase limits in Baro Ki'Teers wares.
Fixed the Mara Detron being listed as a Primary weapon in Baro Ki'Teer's wares.
Fixed various minor typos in KIM and Vendor dialogues with The Devil's Triad.
Fixed broken tag in the Flowing Slayer buff HUD description.
Fixed a script error caused when activating a Tauron Strike.
Fixed a crash when viewing the Dactolyst in the Codex.
Fixed spotloading caused by Sevagoth Specters when they cast Exalted Shadow.
Fixed a rare crash when using a beam weapon.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.3
**Date:** 2025-12-16T16:03:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.2
**Date:** 2025-12-12T00:12:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Missing Note From The Old Peace:
Added six Lunar New Year Decorations to the Dojo!
General polish for Drifter Beard fit.
Non-boss Commandeered Prime Warframes in The Perita Rebellion now drop 2 Tektolyst resources when killed on the Steel Path.
They have a chance of dropping Lyroic Bridge, Ren Hypercore, or Ascaris Prime, regardless of which Recall mission you are playing. 
Also fixed loot abilities applying to Commandeered Prime Warframes, to keep them consistent with Acolytes.
Arcane Persistence's effect is now negated by Nullifiers, Magnetic Status Effects, and other similar nullifying effects.
This Arcane's effect offers a powerful new playstyle for survivability, but with certain setups, players can become fully immortal with no need to engage with any of the challenges a mission presents. This wrinkle adds an extra consideration for those who might wish to AFK, but also preserves meaningful challenge against "hard mode" bosses and other late-game content.
Added the Harrowing Spire Stance to The Old Peace Uriel Bundle and The Old Peace Complete Collection (Platinum and paid). 
As mentioned in our PSA, those who had purchased these bundles before this Hotfix will be receiving the Stance in a script tomorrow. We'll update the PSA once the script has begun. Thank you, Tenno!
Added a pop-up informing players how to access The Dark Refractory after completing The Old Peace quest.
Removed Operator Amps from various cinematics in The Old Peace.
Improved transition between the quest's final cinematics.
Fixed players being able to start The Old Peace quest in their Backroom through the Navigation menu.
Fixed players being able to leave the Dactolyst arena, resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed cases of players becoming progression stopped by randomly being teleported out of the objective area in various parts of the quest. We have added logic to bring you back where you belong, so you can continue with your story!
Uriel Changes and Fixes:
Removed Uriel energy cost from his section in the quest as it was causing issues.
Removed Uriel's ability to perform any other actions than what is intended at a stage in the quest finale, as it was causing player confusion.
Fixed one of the doors in The Old Peace quest not being breakable by Uriel's Infernalis.
Fixed missing destructible door sheen that was causing confusion and progression issues in a later stage of the quest.
Fixed a rare case of players falling through the world if they destroy a certain statue in just the right way.
Improved visibility of when to cast Brimstone, to prevent confusion.
Fixed Operator missing their Atmosphor in a quest stage.
Fixed fog flickering in the skybox of a walking segment.
Fixed an objective being skipped if players died at a certain section of the interrogation mission.
Fixes towards edge-cases of players being able to use unintended inputs in the Somatic Bearer screen.
Fixed being stuck as Operator if players used Transference right at the start of the interrogation mission.
Fixed the World-Seeder not fully rendering in until players approach it.
Fixed floating bodies in the Boro Overlook during the quest.
Fixed a script error when interacting with Somatic Bearers.

### Fixes
Fixed Sanctuary Onslaught being progression stopped if a specific tile was spawned.
Fixed Adis having pathing issues towards the elevator in a specific stage of The Old Peace quest, often causing a progression stop.
Fixed being able to use Specters, On Call Crew, and Air Support in The Perita Rebellion missions.
Fixed dropships no longer spawning in the Air Assault encounter in The Perita Rebellion, causing a progression stop.
Fixed players not receiving Honoria after completing the following objectives. Those who completed the following should see their new Honoria upon login:
Completing The Jade Shadows Quest
Dating Eleanor
Vanquishing a Coda
Fixed Kestrel Rivens not applying to Kestrel Prime.
Fixed various issues when attempting to access the Arsenal in a Dojo.
Fixed Guardian Shell preventing flight with Uriel's Infernalis ability.
Fixed Arcane Irradiate being triggered recursively off of Blast Status Effects.
Fixed Companions being unequipped after an Inferum with auto-equipped Kaithes in Descendia.
Fixed a progression stop in the "Free Allied Brachiolysts" encounter in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed loot abilities applying to Commandeered Prime Warframes.
Fixed a duplicate Sagek Prime Barrel blueprint being available in Roathe's wares and Descendia droptables.
Adjusted the Blueprint cost for the existing Barrel Blueprint so they use the lowest of each listed resource.
Fixed missing Energy and Credit drops from enemy droptables in The Perita Rebellion.
Also fixed Heavy Ammo not dropping in these missions. We have added this pickup to Anarch Librators!
Fixed cases of Armor Motes from Unairu's Tauron Strike allowing players to bypass their Armor cap if multiple are picked up simultaneously.
Fixed Volatile Techrot and Techrot Upsurge modifiers preventing extraction in Hex Bounties.
Fixed certain Nightwave challenges not properly tracking progress.
Fixed hidden Tauron Nodes causing "Focus Upgrade Available" notifications appearing for players with maxed out Focus Schools (but who hadn't yet acquired a Tektolyst Artifact to unlock them).
Fixed Steel Path mode selection in Descendia not being remembered between missions.
Fixed Companions being unequipped after an Inferum with auto-equipped Kaithes in Descendia.
Fixed an issue if Roathe's boss fight was triggered before all players were in the Arena.
Also addresses cases of players being locked outside of the room if it was triggered before they entered the Arena.
Fixed a crash for Clients when grappling a Bolkor or Firbolg in the The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed incorrect screen VFX at the end of the Roathe fight in Descendia.
Fixed Yareli having issues interacting with context actions while on Merulina in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed an area in The Perita Rebellion tileset where Clients could hit an invisible wall.
Fixed HUD disappearing if multiple players simultaneously attempted to harvest an Archon Shard from an Archon during a Descendia mission.
Fixed a script error caused by Lyon Allard's attacks in Descendia missions.
Fixed various script errors in Roathe's fight in Descendia.
Fixed a script error caused by host migrations in Descendia.
Fixed a crash when using Vazarin's Tauron Strike in Descendia.
Fixed "Toggle Run" setting not being respected after leaving Uriel's Infernalis flight.
Fixed Arcane Bellicose showing infintely stacking Ability Strength when repeatedly hovering over Archon Shards. (this was a UI-only issue)
Fixed various Drifter tints not being saved in inbox kiss cinematics.
Also fixed purchased items not appearing in these cinematics.
Fixed |val| appearing in the on-hover description for Arcane Concentration.
Fixed cloth issues caused by Uriel's (and the Roathe Gemini skin's) tail.
Fixes towards resetting appearance to default twice in a row causing your Operator/Drifter's body to disappear.
Fixed edge-cases of certain accounts not having the Operator appearance conversion script apply properly.
Fixed the Zariman Green Plant, Transmutation Probe Decoration, and Heurodis Decoration having collision.
Fixed the new Devil's Triad Protoframes not playing dialogue when selected in the Arsenal.
Fixed squished Focus Icons in the Loadout Screen.
Fixed various offset issues on the Vanda Prime Armor Set.
Fixed missing Sugatra offsets for the Vinquibus.
Fixed NPCs repeating dialogue near the Ducat Kiosk in the Strata Relay. Imagine yapping so much you get hotfixed...
Fixed Madurai Paint A and B missing their item description.
Fixed a script error caused by Wisp's Reservoir.
Fixed a script error related to Madurai's Tauron Strike.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Reckoning armor buff.
Fixed a script error related to one of Flare's KIM conversations.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.2
**Date:** 2025-12-12T00:12:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.1
**Date:** 2025-12-11T00:18:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fixed Roathe only using one of his special attacks in his Descendia fight.
Fixed Kullervo being able to summon the Atomicycle after casting Wrathful Advance in The Dark Refractory missions.
Fixed cases of Clients becoming permanently slowed by Narmer Deacon effects in Descendia.
Fixed players returning from a host migration not seeing Prime Vanguard health bars during the boss fight.
Fixed players who haven't completed The Archwing quest not receiving loaner Archwing items in the Hunhullus fight if they died before stage 3.
Fixed loss of function if Transference was spammed while transitioning to the Archwing stage of the Hunhullus fight.
Fixed dead players getting stuck in space if they revive during the Archwing stage of the Hunhullus fight.
Fixed Lyon and Marie's idle subtitles being visible despite players not being within range to hear them speak.
Fixed the pause menu becoming warped if it was open while a miniboss intro is triggered in Descendia.
Fixed Convergence Orb effect in The Perita Rebellion having a loc string in the HUD.
Fixed markers from The Perita Rebellion objectives remaining on-screen in the boss arena.
Fixed PH message appearing when attempting to start a Descendia mission at a checkpoint that one of your squadmates has not unlocked.
Fixed a [PH] in the Makvoss Cannon's name during The Perita Rebellion missions.
Fixed the "EXIT" button in The Dark Refractory screen not being localized based on the client language.
Fixed The Dark Refractory not being accessible immediately in the Backroom when using Mission Preview.
Fixed performance issues caused by a tile in The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed a script error when hosts load into boss arenas during The Perita Rebellion.
Fixed a script error caused by the Hunhullus' laser attack.
Improved the Vinquibus' unique Reticle to make it clearer which mode is currently active.
Now, the inactive side will be noticeably dimmer.
Also increased the thickness of the Rifle side to make it easier to see.
Adjusted the fit of various Drifter Suits to address proportion issues.
Improved eyelash appearance if players have TAA turned off in the Video Settings
Updated various Operator cosmetic icons to reflect remastered Operator faces.
Tweaked the visuals of the persistent blades spawned from Naramon's Vexoric Tauron Strike.

### Fixes
The Old Peace Quest Changes And Fixes:
The Old Peace quest no longer requires players to read the final Inbox Message to be marked as completed.
If you were having issues accessing The Dark Refractory after completing the Quest, this should address it! 
The Old Peace quest can no longer be started from The Backroom.
This addresses cases of the Operator and Drifter merging into an unholy abomination when starting this quest from the Backroom. Thematically, it also makes more sense, as The Old Peace is a story about the Operator.
Improved Sentient pathing in stage 2 of the quest.
Fixed animation issues with Uriel's tail in the quest.
Fixed Adis not being invulnerable during missions in the quest.
Fixed being able to use Uriel and Operator abilities during Stage 4 of The Old Peace, as doing so could cause issues.
Fixed Operator being able to get stuck or move weirdly during a walking segment in the quest.
Fixed Excalibur Prime's attachments floating during a specific cinematic in the quest.
Fixed allied units having incorrect animations during a segment of the quest.
Fixed a duplicate transmission in stage 2 of The Old Peace quest.
Fixed a certain door being breakable before it was meant to be, causing a progression stop in a later stage of the quest.
Fixed Adis getting stuck outside an elevator in a certain stage of the quest.
Fixed a progression stop if you wander too far when talking to Daklo.
Fixed a script error when skipping a cinematic in the quest.
Fixed a case of Uriel's demons doubling after casting Remedium.
Fixed Madurai's Tauron Strike not applying energy color correctly.
Fixed Nidri teleporting into the ground when the Vazarin Tauron Strike is cast on a sloping surface.
Fixed the Mission Preview button not appearing in the Update Screen upon first login after installing The Old Peace.
Fixed a script error caused by Cyte-09's Resupply when used with the Bombastine's Malice Decree.
Fixed not being able to purchase the War Stories Bundle if you already owned the Klebrik Scaffold.
Fixed [PH] in Zid-an Osbok's buff description.
Fixed missing descriptions for Focus Face Paints.
Fixes towards the Judicial Coils accessory not attaching and animating properly when equipped on the Drifter.
Fixed a typo in Maphica's description.
Fixed a french grammar issue in Marie's first KIM dialogue. Sacre bleu!
Fixed the Operator blinking with their eyes closed during a segment of The War Within.
Fixed incorrect aspect ratio used for inbox message transmissions.
Fixed a script error caused by Uriel's demons trying to use abilities while he is dead. Talk about offering help from beyond the grave.
Fixed a script error that could occur when randomizing Operator/Drifter cosmetics.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's Reroot.
Fixed a script error in the Focus Equipment upgrades screen.
Fixed a script error when activating a Tauron Strike.
Fixed a rare crash on game shutdown.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Old Peace: Hotfix 41.0.1
**Date:** 2025-12-11T00:18:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 41: The Old Peace
**Date:** 2025-12-10T16:07:09Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Image description: Operator is standing to the left of Uriel, the devil-warframe, wearing the Grand Carnus Regala
a blood red battledress with a golden face crown. Uriel is wielding the Vinquibus bayonet.
Call down brimstone-laced devastation and take command of demonic servitors with Uriel, the Heretic of Xata.
This bundle contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately and as part of The Old Peace Complete Collection:
To fight as the Heretic of Xata is to have demons at your back. Uriel incinerates foes with searing brimstone, and commands three fiendish summons to do his devil's work.
Bring hell to the battlefield with Uriel's signature rifle and bayonet combination. Occupying both primary and melee slots, this unique weapon blends precision marksmanship with unrelenting melee combat.
Don the fearsome horns of a legendary commander. The mere rumor of Uriel's alternate helmet inspired despair on ancient battlefields.
This blood-red battledress embodies the ultimate in Orokin style and luxury. Fitted for both Drifter and Operator. Includes:
Grand Carnus Hood 
Grand Carnus Cuirass 
Grand Carnus Sleeves 
Grand Carnus Greaves 
Grand Carnus Regalia
To one damned within his own mind, a throne can be a prison.
Doubles the rate at which you earn Affinity. Upgrade your weapons and Warframes faster. Boosters are immediately activated after purchase!
Deepen the bonds of camaraderie between the three unlikely companions of the Devil's Triad with this collection of Protoframe Gemini Skins.
Each skin can switch between Warframe and Protoframe appearances by activating the corresponding Gemini Emote.
This collection contains the following items
Gemini Skins can be purchased individually and as part of The Old Peace Complete Collection!
Image description: Marie Leroux, a nun, stands poised with her hands slightly opened at her side in front of a stairway in the fiery Descendia.
Sister Marie Leroux, a nun determined to serve Sol by proving that even the most unrepentant devil can be redeemed, brings a human face to the Wisp Warframe.
Marie's makeup can be adjusted using the Attachments color tints.
Switch between Wisp and Marie's Gemini Skin with the Marie Gemini Emote, even during missions.
Father Lyon Allard, a priest of Lua tormented by nightmarish visions, brings a human face to the Harrow Warframe.
Switch between Harrow and Lyon's Gemini Skin with the Lyon Gemini Emote, even during missions.
Grand Carnus Roathe, the Heretic of Xata, brings a human
though Orokin
face to the Uriel Warframe.
Roathe has a unique tint split between his Warframe body parts (uses base color channels) and Orokin armor (uses attachment color channels).
Switch between Uriel and Roathe's Gemini Skin with the Roathe Gemini Emote, even during missions.
Recall buried battlefield memories with this collection of ancient mementos. Some things ought never be forgotten.
This bundle contains the following items
the cosmetic items can be purchased individually:
This bundle includes the following Amp components! Bring them to Quill Onkko in Cetus or Little Duck in Fortuna and select the "Amp Assemble" option to build your Operator/Drifter a new Amp.
Upgrading your Amp is an important step in growing your power in Warframe. These have traditionally been available through Syndicates only, but we're experimenting with adding an option to skip the grind, for those who are interested.
We have implemented experimental prorating for the Amp components. If you have any amount of Affinity on the Granmu Prism (as Prisms are the only component from Gilded Amps that counts towards Mastery), the bundle will count all the Amp components as "owned", apply the prorated price and exclude them from purchase. This is for players who are in the market for the other items but don't have a need for the Amp.
A roughly-tumbled prism held before a heavy-duty triple shutter-gate. Multi-shot grenade burst.
Elegant and finely-calibrated proton aggregator latches onto a target and hoses them down.
The armpiece doubles as a throttled overcharger, increasing the likelihood of Critical Hits and Status Chance.
A syandana once worn to distinguish Dax commanders on Tau; wear it now as a mark of pride.
Reclaimed from the battlefields of Tau, this battle-worn syandana reflects the cost of war.
Honor an Archimedean like no other by donning his signature oculus.
Wrought in memory of the Xenoflora of Tau, its beauty can be preserved in your Orbiter. There are three variations of the Xenoflora Decorations included in this bundle:
Xenoflora Decoration 
Xenoflora Patch (1m) 
Xenoflora Patch (2m)
Invoke Voruna Medeina, the forest goddess. Her savagery is a blessing to those who hunger for justice.
This bundle contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Voruna appears as a glorious forest goddess, loyal wolves comprising her graceful armor. The savage huntress is also a protector of the innocent, revered by those unjustly hunted.
Those who feel the vicious bite of Voruna Medeina's signature heavy axe skin know why its wielder has no need for subtlety.
The wolf-tail plume of Voruna Medeina's signature ephemera displays the refined nature of an inner beast.
Take up the distinctive arms of the Dax of Tau with this collection of weapon skins.
This bundle contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
A skin for hammers modeled after those wielded by the Anarch Libritor Lustratus on Tau.
This bow skin with the enlarged upper limb of Dax design is based on those used by Dax Arcus.
A polearm skin that replicates the weapon carried by Dax Capsarii into battle as a symbol of hope for victory.
This thrown weapon skin bears the heavy, distinctive design of the kunai used by Dax Tenebra.
A trusty sword is the soul of a warrior. This nikana skin, decorated by flashes of orange, is carried by each Dax Gladius on Tau.
This rifle skin recreates the standard-issue firearm for Dax forces who fight for Tau.
Note: Not every weapon in the category is compatible with this skin. Compatibility can be verified in the Arsenal > Appearance > Skin list.
This archgun skin of Dax design retracts firing rings down its exposed barrel while attached handles keep the wielder's hands clear.
Adopt the gothic style of the Devil's Triad with this assortment of hairstyles for the Drifter and Operator.
Includes the following styles from the new Protoframes that can also be purchased separately:
The wispy tresses of Marie's signature style are rarely seen, but no less intricate for it.
Hair is vanity. Lyon's signature style is the ultimate in low maintenance.
Only the most elite of Orokin could afford the time, and expense, of this intricate beaded style.
Be in style whether the year ends in '99 or otherwise, with this collection of looks for the Operator and Drifter featuring the signature hairstyles of the 1999 Hex, Roundtable, and the Devil's Triad Protoframes.
Includes the following styles from the new Protoframes that can also be purchased separately:
Amir's Hairstyle 
Aoi's Hairstyle
Arthur's Hairstyle 
Eleanor's Hairstyle 
Flare's Hairstyle 
Kaya's Hairstyle 
Lettie's Hairstyle 
Loid's Hairstyle 
Lyon's Hairstyle 
Marie's Hairstyle 
Minerva's Hairstyle 
Roathe's Hairstyle
Rusalka's Hairstyle 
Velimir's Hairstyle
You're only as good as your last haircut
make it a great one with this ultimate collection of looks for the Operator and Drifter featuring all standard hairstyles.
Includes the following styles from the new Protoframes that can also be purchased separately (expand spoilers):
Reveal hidden contents
Jillian's Locks
Short Front Flip
Undercut Kaithetail 
Tied Back Dual 
Short Right Flip 
Short Sidecut 
Undercut Front Flip 
Crest Full 
Coiffed Bun
Bob tendrils 
Bob Short 
Braid Crest 
Braid Kaithetail 
Curls High 
Curls Short
Curls Full 
Tied Back Short Kaithetail 
Tied Back Long Kaithetail 
Bun Low Curl 
Tied Back High Kaithetail 
Tied Back Full Kaithetail 
Bun High Curl 
Cropped Waves
Cropped Short 
Lillian's Locks
Midlength Bluntcut 
Midlength Feathered
Tied Back Topknot 
Coiffed Braids 
Coiffed Kaithetail 
Midlength Sidepart 
Braid Forelocks 
Bun Tendrils 
Tied Back Tendrils
Braid Undercut
A bundle containing displays of Marie, Lyon, and Roathe. Together, they form the Devil's Triad. These displays can be placed individually, or side by side to create a seamless piece. Each can also be purchased separately.
Art by EnergyFalcon (Salt).
A display featuring the nun, Marie.
A display featuring the Heretic of Xata, and the demon, Uriel.
A display featuring the priest, Lyon.
An ornate display showcasing the Prime Vanguard by Kevin Glint.
Tektolyst Artifact Acquisition Pack (one-time purchase) 
Unlock the secrets of ancient Focus Schools and unleash their ultimate power, the Tauron Strike. Contains all the resources you need to acquire a Tektolyst Artifact weapon from Marie Leroux, in La Cathédrale. 
Contains:
150 Lyroic Bridge
150 Ren Hypercore
150 Ascaris Prime
Each Focus School's Lua Lens has been added to the Market! 
Lua Lenses have the most converting power of all the lens types, converting 5.5% of excess Affinity into Focus. With the Focus expansion, they (like all other Focus Lenses) grant +10% bonus Tauron Strike Charge Rate. 
These are available in the market to players who have completed The Second Dream Quest.
As part of the upcoming Prime Resurgence End of Year Event, the Prime Vanguard Warframes will be part of Varzia's Wares for the first rotation from December 18, 2025
January 15, 2026.
This is a special time-limited event through Varzia to celebrate the release of The Old Peace and give players an opportunity to own the Warframes that make up the Prime Vanguard:
Mesa Prime 
Ash Prime 
Volt Prime 
Ember Prime 
Caliban Prime
Protea Prime
Each Warframe's Pack (with the exception of Caliban and Protea Prime*) will be available to purchase for Regal Aya that also includes their weapons and accessories. Pack contents will also be available for individual purchase.
*Caliban Prime and Protea Prime were both recently available via Prime Access and have not yet been vaulted. To maintain the order of operations with Prime Resurgence and respect those who had purchased these packs through Prime Access, they are excluded from the Regal Aya packs.
More details will be shared closer to launch on December 18th!

### Changes
The Operator HUD has been updated to communicate Tauron Strike charge rate in addition to Amp Magazine and Operator Energy.
Circular gauge:
Previous: Operator Energy 
Now: Displays the charge of your Tauron Strike. Once the gauge is full, your Tauron Strike is ready to use! 
Bar underneath ability icons: 
Previous: Amp Magazine 
Now: Operator Energy 
Amp Magazine is now displayed numerically above the Tauron Strike gauge!
Once you have acquired a Tektolyst Artifact, the associated Focus School tree will branch out with new Tauron Strike nodes. There are 5 new nodes per School.
The Tauron Strike node is unlocked by default. Unlock and upgrade additional nodes at the cost of Focus Points and new resources (amounts and types vary per node and rank): Ren Hypercores, Ascaris Primes, and Lyroic Bridges.
Stats below are shown at max rank.
Tektolyst Artifacts grant additional buildcrafting options that can bolster your Operator, Amp and Tauron Strike! Each Artifact has six Mod slots and one Arcane slot to further empower your Warframe and Operator.
Your active Focus School determines which Tektolyst Artifact is equipped. You can upgrade your Artifact by navigating to the Equipment tab in the Focus Menu and select "Upgrade".
There are four Mods per Focus School that can be used on any Tekolyst Artifacts, displayed with the maximum Mod Rank. Certain Mods feature unique interactions between other School's, including bonuses for each Mod from a unique School.
These Mods can be equipped onto any and all Tektolyst Artifacts, regardless of their School association. For example, you can equip the Madurai Sil-Tabol Mod onto Naramon's Vexoric Artifact.
Stats below are shown at max rank.
Players can obtain these new Mods in a variety of ways:
Earned from The Perita Rebellion Encounter droptables (every 3 Encounters), and dropped from Commandeered Primes in The Perita Rebellion missions via The Dark Refractory.
Exchanged for The Perita Rebellion resources via Marie Leroux's [Browse Wares] shop in La Cathédrale.
Find five new Arcanes that can be equipped onto any Tektolyst Artifact.
Stats below are shown at max rank.
6% Status Chance for all Warframe weapons for each enemy hit with a Tauron Strike, up to 300%. Buff lasts for 30s.
+18% Tauron Strike Initial Charge.
48% Warframe Ammo Efficiency for 30s after executing a Tauron Strike. +18% Amp Ammo Efficiency.
Gain invisibility for 30s after activating a Tauron Strike. +9% Tauron Strike Charge Rate.
On Operator and Tauron Strike Kill: 2.4% Heat Damage for Primary Weapons for duration of mission, max 250%.
Void Slings strip 30% of enemy Overguard. When Overguard is stripped: +3x Amp Critical Damage for 15s.
Players can obtain these new Arcanes in a variety of ways:
Dropped from Commandeered Primes in The Perita Rebellion missions on the Steel Path via The Dark Refractory.
Exchanged for The Perita Rebellion resources via Marie Leroux's [Browse Wares] shop in La Cathédrale.
It's December 03, 2015 in London, Ontario Canada. The DE team is up late glued to their screens watching players react to the reveal of... the Operator! A complete overflow of shock and delight with equal amounts of excited confusion are expressed upon meeting the Operator, a name that up to that point had been heard but not seen. A momentous moment in Warframe's history that launched the many chapters that have followed since.
The best part? We've been able to relieve that moment over again throughout the years as new players join and share their reactions with us. The same can be said about Drifter's arrival in The New War! Both keystones in the Warframe experience.
Now, 10 years since that first major reveal, a new groundbreaking chapter is here with the Operator at the heart of it all once again. So let us reintroduce you to the Operator and Drifter! With a significant remaster that has gloriously upgraded every feature, we are thrilled for you to continue the journey on with this improved version that comes coupled with several new customizations, appearance options and overhauled UI that takes the character customizing experience to the next level.
TOP_Operator Remaster_Shorter.mp4Unavailable
Players that have unlocked their Operator or Drifter will receive a prompt on login explaining that we have released this rework! Fear not, your customizations have not been reset. Your existing looks for both Operator and Drifter have been ported over with our best approximation using the new setup.
We understand the connection to your character (especially after 10 years!) and our team crafted this adaptation to the best of our ability. That being said, this is not a one-to-one transition! While the remaster offers more naturalistic and lifelike customization, your Operator and Drifter may need some fine tuning.
We have updated the Appearance UI to make customizing your Operator and Drifter a breeze.
The Appearance Configs now incorporate your Hair, Somatics (Operator), Visage Inks (Drifter) and Makeup customizations in addition to Clothing. 
The config bar also now persists across all the clothing and feature options so that you have access to your outfits throughout your customization process! 
Previously, you could only swap between configs while in the Clothing tab. 
Now, you can seamlessly swap between configs regardless of where you are in the features options to better coordinate your Operator/Drifter's features with your OOTDs. 
Both the clothing and features UI now have a sub-tab bar to easily switch between the many options available. 
Added "Reset Defaults" and "Randomize All" buttons. When used, resetting to default or randomizing applies to whichever tab you are in (Clothing or Features).
We have also relit the Orbiter Transference Room while you are in the Operator/Drifter customization UI! It now matches the experience in the Backrooms with more realistic lighting.
What you see in the Orbiter is now more accurate to what you see in missions that have GI lighting. Additionally, this real time lighting improves the realism of certain textures (metallics for example), meaning that you may have to tweak your current clothing and accessories to your liking.
We essentially hooked you up with a sick ring light setup to better customize and screenshot the drip!
From forehead to chin, ear to ear, brand new remastered faces are here! Your Operator and Drifter each have 10 faces to choose from offering a variety of facial features that can be blended together to create any number of desired variations.
You can now blend female and male presenting faces!
Previously, primary faces determined which secondary faces you could blend it with. So if you selected a female-presenting primary face, only the female-presenting secondary faces would be available to choose from and blend with.
Now, you can select any of the Primary and Secondary faces and blend them together.
You can now select from 14 different complexions (including default) to change the base tone, texture and other skin features (freckles, pigmentation, etc.)
Previously, complexion was solely determined by the Primary Face. Now, you have the ability to select those features separately and apply them to any of the faces.
*As a reminder, the Refacia Kit can be acquired from any Focus School's Represent store for Focus Points!
We have completely decoupled faces from determining body type!
Previously, Primary Face would determine your Operator and Drifter's body type. An obviously limiting dependency that required you to find a balance between desired facial features and the associated body type.
Now, you can select Body Type independently from Faces in the "Head" tab. Choose from Body Type 1 (male presenting) and Body Type 2 (female presenting).
Eyes have received entirely new textures for an improved and more realistic appearance. Eye Glow has also had a glow up (heh) with a new look that could light up a room.
Additional customizations are also here to really make those windows to the soul pop!
The UI now shows both color tints side by side, instead of listed independently: 
The first tint determines the "outer" color, while the second determines the "inner". 
Eye Glow now has two emissives tints. 
The first applies to the iris and the center of the pupil and softly pulses. 
The second applies over the entirety of the eye (pupil, iris & scelera). 
Meaning the second emissive is layered over the first. So if you are looking to achieve a balance between the two, where the pulsing effect is most visible, use a lighter color in the first and a darker in the second. 
Added "Glow Strength" slider to set the intensity of the Eye Glow effect.
Luxe lustrous locks are here! We have completely remastered every single hairstyle for Operators and Drifters with the help of the wonderful people at Sumo Digital.
We've improved hair from top to bottom with completely new textures, shader improvements and a more complex cloth sim setup to give it a more realistic look and feel.
The following new hairstyles are available:
Free - available on login! 
None: a proper bald option! Zero hair to be found, very bald.
We moved the previous "None" buzzcut style into its own Hairstyle called "Cropped Buzz"
Bob Bluntcut 
Braid Headpiece (featured in the TennoCon 2025 demo) 
Short Close 
Short Spiked 
For purchase - for Platinum!
The Devil's Triad Hairstyles
Marie's Hairstyle
Lyon's Hairstyle
Roathe's Hairstyle
All of the previous, now remastered, hairstyles are also bundled into the Definitive Salon Pack which be bought from the Market.
All beard styles have received the remastered treatment for elevated and more realistic looking facial hair.
We have expanded your color customizing potentials with 5 color tints to the previous 3 for hair and beard styles. Embark on your dye journey and bring your Operator and Drifter to the next level with these tints:
Primary
Secondary
Tertiary 
Accents 
Highlights
The longer the beard, the more hair color tints apply! Previously, all beards would only take on the Primary color. Now, you can customize the longer beard styles using all of the tints (Drifter Beard 002
005).
The stubble beard style (Drifter Beard 001) remains Primary-only.
We've updated all Hairstyle names and categorized them based on their features to be more descriptive at a glance:
Braid 
Bob 
Coiffed 
Crest
Cropped
Curls 
Midlength 
Short
Tied Back 
Undercut 
Removed the "Hair Part" toggle.
The toggle only functioned with the original batch of hairs that were released with Operators in 2015. We haven't supported function for hair parts with the later released hairstyles since and for that reason have decided to retire the toggle. 
Made overall improvements to the appearance of the Protoframe and other 1999 character's Hairstyles on Operators.
There are 18 eyebrow styles to choose from (including default)! Frame your Operator and Drifter's face with styles that range from 90s pencil brows to bushy beauty and everything in between. Tapered, arched, groomed or grown out, there are so many ways to completely change your Operator and Drifters aura.
Origin System saving hero by day and MUA by night! Give your Operator and Drifter the gift of glam with looks that range from a subtle touch to full blown war paint that feature a mix of stunning matte, glossy, glittery and metallic* elements.
*Metallic makeup will appear more "matte" and dispersed if you have Anti-Aliasing disabled.
The following makeup looks are available for free:
Balika Look 
Banva Look 
Kathaya Look 
Pithata Look 
Rocana Look 
Roshaka Look
Sahoda Look
Tarunya Look
Virama Look
Yotaka Look
Each Makeup Look is fully color customizable with the ability to adjust the transparency of each color tint.
Makeup can be combined with Visage Inks (Drifter) and Somatic Markings (Operator) to create even more unique looks!
Paint the Tenno Ways with brand new Focus School-themed makeup looks for your Operator and Drifter!
For those new to the Focus system, the Represent store is unlocked once you have unlocked and fully ranked each node in a Focus School*.
Unairu Paint A 
Unairu Paint B
Zenurik Paint A 
Zenurik Paint B
Vazarin Paint A 
Vazarin Paint B
Naramon Paint A 
Naramon Paint B
Madurai Paint A 
Madurai Paint B
*As explained in the Focus School Expansion section, the Represent store's unlock requirements are unchanged. Players do not need to complete the Tauron Focus Nodes to gain access to the Represent Store.
Each Operator Somatic Marking has also received the remaster treatment! We've also added a new style called Somatics Zz-70 as well as a default option.
Signas can now be equipped on Operators!
Go to Operator Appearance settings > Clothing > Attachments > Signa > Select the Signa to equip and adjust the Y Offset and colors to your liking. 
We added the ability to equip them on Drifter in The Vallis Undermind, but due to issues with setup on Operators, this feature didn't make it into that update. Now, both Operators and Drifters can wear Signas with style!! 
The following Operator Suits, Masks, Pauldrons, Graves and Apparel have all been converted to be able to be equipped on Drifter. 
Purchasing or crafting any of these customizations will now include both the Operator and Drifter variants! For those of you that already own these items, the Drifter versions will be added to your inventory upon login:
Emissary Collection
Koppra Collection
Maduka Collection
Outrider Collection
Kubrodon Ventkid Collection
Varida Collection 
Vent Pobber Ventkid Collection
Vent Rat Collection
Every single outfit and accessory has been adjusted to better fit the new models, with some minor revisions to improve certain pieces. 
Made the following changes to Sigil customizations:
Added a secondary color channel to further customize Sigils with VFX. The primary color is dedicated to the static channel, while the secondary changes the VFX. 
The "Alpha" slider has been changed to "Transparency". 
The remaster also applies to Operator NPCs (including Tenno in cutscenes and our "Hey Kiddo" doppelganger). 
Hovering over Suit color tints will now highlight them on your Operator/Drifter, so you know exactly where that color will apply.
A new tab has appeared in the Kinemantic Messaging System on your POM-2!
In this appropriately-stylized interface you can unearth the secrets of the Devil's Triad: Roathe, Lyon, and Marie! Loid has given them access to the terminal in the Sanctum Anatomica, for you to converse with (or court) them to your heart's content.
Players must complete The Old Peace quest to talk to The Devil's Triad via the POM-2.
There are no other requirements, but we recommend getting to know the Entrati of Deimos if you haven't already. You may see your efforts pay off as you further engage with this system.
While we have carefully balanced the Chemistry output to ensure players can rank up with the conversations available to them, our recommendation is to engage with this new KIM expansion with the "Play All Kim Conversations" setting toggled on.
As a refresher, earning Chemistry will progress your standing with each Protoframe through the following Ranks:
Neutral
Friendly
Liked
Trusted
Close
Best Friend (platonic) / Loved (dating)
Like with The Hex, if you want to date a Protoframe, you can confess your feelings to them either in a KIM conversation or by visiting them in La Cathédrale. The requirements to unlock this option (and have them reciprocate) vary per character.
If you've decided to try a new paramour, you can end your relationship with your soon-to-be Ex in La Cathédrale as well.
If you approach Lyon Allard in La Cathédrale, you may have difficulty in getting him to speak with you. This reticence also applies to the KIM system — until you've proven yourself a worthy ally, you will be duly ignored.
Once you've reached Liked rank with Marie Leroux, he will deem you an acceptable conversation partner (and also allow you to buy his wares). Unlocking Lyon in the KIM will immediately increase his rank to Liked as well.
Another new icon has appeared in the POM-2, next to the Settings: the Digital Grimoire!
This new window serves as the home for Conversation Resetting — not only for The Devil's Triad, but other Protoframe Batches as well! Gone are the pop-ups once the 1999 Calendar rotates. Instead, players can now venture to the Digital Grimoire and initiate a memory reset whenever they please.
Resetting Memories comes with a 28 Day cooldown that applies per Protoframe batch. (ex: if you reset The Roundtable, you will have to wait 28 days before wiping their memories again, but The Hex and The Devil's Triad are unaffected.)
If you have expressed romantic interest in a Protoframe and have had it reciprocated, you can date them! Unlike The Hex, The Devil's Triad will not move out of La Cathédrale upon dating, but you can still engage in some devilry with your beloved in a variety of ways:
Kissing Cinematic:
Your paramour will have a new prompt when you visit them in XX99: "Share some time alone...".
Selecting this will trigger a kissing cinematic, with a 7 day cooldown.
Captura Scene Dates:
Sometimes, for romance to bloom, you need to get away from the world.
Once you have reached Loved with your Protoframe, they will send you a Captura Date Scene to your inbox every week. Each Protoframe has five Dates that you can earn in this way.
These Date Scenes allow you to spend some one-on-one time with your beau, and learn more about them through their Scene-exclusive voice lines. You can make use of the Captura tools to take photos with your beloved, or simply enjoy the pleasure of their company.
If you choose to break up with your Protoframe, you will retain any Captura Date Scenes you have earned — and you can continue to use them to revisit your old flames, as you desire. We won't tell! Additionally, you will keep any Scenes you own upon resetting The Devil's Triad's memories*.
* Certain voice lines in these Date Scenes are tied to your conversation choices with the Protoframe, so you may see a change in dialogue after resetting.
Consent Across Spacetime:
The Hex were the first dateable characters added to the game, so introducing a new group of romanceable characters may give devoted Drifters some pause. We could get into the weeds with technicalities here — eternalism, etc. — but at the end of the day you can now successfully woo and smooch two individuals at the same time.
For those interested in taking this path, dating both a Hex and Devil's Triad Protoframe will trigger a KIM conversation with each individual where they give consent for the Drifter to have multiple relationships.
Profile Notes will now update dynamically to reflect key states in your relationship with the Protoframe. This will allow players to more easily identify if they've hit fail states for certain goals, so they know a reset may be needed.
This was introduced with The Devil's Triad, and has been extended to the other Protoframe batches as well. 
Fixed the KIM forcibly scrolling down while players are attempting to read earlier messages while new messages are being sent.
No Tenno is complete without an Honoria to show off their prowess. Honoria are titles that are displayed under player aliases in the pause menu, friends and clan member lists, on loading screens, and in your profile. A way for everyone to display their formidability!
You can change your Honoria by opening the Pause menu > Profile > Honoria. From there you can select which Honoria you'd like to sport, with a preview of how it'll appear in the UI at the top. If you're not feeling particularly Honoria-ific, you can always select the "None" option to remove it.
Honoria can be acquired in two ways:
Purchased from specific vendors and stores 
For The Old Peace, this includes from Roathe and the Focus School Represent Stores (specifics listed below).
Awarded from notable accomplishments, such as completing Quests, defeating certain enemies, conquering challenges, and more. 
On login, if eligible, you will retroactively receive certain Honoria! These will popup on screen to inform you of the Honoria earned.
We're excited for you to discover all the various Honoria to be awarded and witness you sporting them proudly! While we want to keep the majority unlisted from the patch notes so that you can uncover them yourself, we're happy to share the following which can be acquired from vendors:
You can purchase the following Honoria from Roathe in La Cathédrale (in the Sanctum Anatomica) for various resources associated with the theme of the title.
A preview of how the Honoria will appear with your alias is shown on the purchase screen.
The following Honoria can be purchased from their respective Focus School Represent Store:
the Vinquibus. The twin curved horns of his alternate helmet are accentuated by an open maw that evokes the feeling of a high shriek. Glowing binding chains can be seen in the background.
To fight as the Heretic of Xata is to have demons at your back. Uriel incinerates foes with searing brimstone, and commands three fiendish summons to do his devil's work.
Uriel commands, empowers, and protects three unique demons.
Manifest an aura of flames inflicting Heat Damage and Status Effect on nearby enemies.
Tap Dodge while airborne* to take flight as a flaming meteor of destruction.
Infernalis is Uriel's Railjack ability.
*On Devstream 191 we demonstrated that this can be done by tapping dodge from anywhere, but we changed it before release since dodging often is a common movement pattern for players. So to avoid accidentally triggering his meteor spin at times where you might not want to, it is now activated while airborne.
Uriel heals himself and his demons. If his demons are dead, they are resurrected instead.
Remedium is Uriel's Helminth ability — altered with reduced healing and Gulphagor is removed.
Uriel rips out the souls of his demons, draining some of their health, and sends them in search of new victims. Souls explode on contact with an enemy, inflicting Damage Vulnerability.
Uriel and his demons create a growing ring of flaming brimstone. Charge the ability by utilizing demon abilities. Damage inflicted increases with each consecutive hit.
Note on replacing Uriel's abilities at Helminth: Similar to Cyte-09 and other Warframes with damage buffs abilities, you can only have a single damage buffing ability on Uriel. Damage buffing abilities applied through the Helminth must override Demonium.
Uriel's Main Blueprint is rewarded via inbox after completing The Old Peace Quest. 
Uriel's component Blueprints can be earned from the Descendia reward drop tables. 
Uriel's main and component Blueprints can be acquired from Roathe's Surplus in La Cathédrale (Sanctum Anatomica) for Maphica. 
Purchase Uriel from Market individually or as part of The Old Peace Uriel Bundle and The Old Peace Complete Collection. Learn more in the "Market Additions" section.
Only those who survive penance can explore the area in which Uriel's Prex Card resides...
With the release of Uriel, the maximum number of purchasable Loadout Slots has been increased from 31 to 32.
Uriel's Glyphs can also be purchased from the Glyph selection menu accessible from the Pause Menu > Profile > Glyph.
Bring hell to the battlefield with Uriel's signature rifle and bayonet combination. Occupying both primary and melee slots, this unique weapon blends precision marksmanship with unrelenting melee combat.
Vinquibus Precision (Primary Trait): Headshots grant +250% Melee Damage for next 2 Melee Attacks, stacking up to 16x.
Vinquibus Ferocity (Melee Trait): Melee kills give 100% Rifle Ammo Efficiency for your next 4 shots, stacking up to 16x.
Vinquibus' main and component Blueprints can be acquired from Roathe's Surplus in La Cathédrale.
Relentless jabs and powerful sweeping lunge.
Drops from containers in Descendia. Visit the official Drop Tables for drop rates.
Weapons once wielded by Orokin-era Grineer are yours to obtain!
Note: These are not your typical Prime weapons due to their Grineer nature. They share the same categorization as the existing Gotva Prime, which means that like the Gotva Prime, these can be traded but not sold for Ducats at Baro.
Orokin-era Grineer plated their scythes with gold as a symbol of dedication to their Golden Lords. Gains a percentage of Critical Chance with each Status Type affecting the target.
The sidearm of choice for Prime Grineer warriors, Sagek Prime blends Grineer brutality with Orokin aesthetics. When Sagek Prime inflicts a critical hit, its next shot has a chance to gain significant Status Chance.
Earn Sagek and Galariak Prime's main and component blueprints by completing The Perita Rebellion missions.
Sagek and Galariak Prime's main and component blueprints can be exchanged for Maphica at Roathe's Surplus Wares in La Cathédrale.
After completing The Old Peace, delve into Descendia for a chance to get your hands on new Arcanes!
Stats below shown at max rank.
On Ability Cast: +60% Duration for 3s
Roll through enemies to steal 50% of their defenses for yourself. Stolen armor lasts 15s.
100% Ability Strength modifiers are also applied to Max Shields.
Remove all Shields. If Armor is above 700: Cannot be hit for more than 500 Damage/s.
Gain stacks of +1% damage for each unit of armor past 1,000, up to a max of +500%.
If an enemy has 10 stacks of a combined Status Effect, inflicting the same Status Effect again has a 100% chance to inflict one of the base Status Effects it is composed of.
While at or above 90% Energy: Gain 35% of Max Energy as Multishot, capped at 100%.
On hitting enemies afflicted by 10 stacks of Radiation: Deal 180% of the hit damage to enemies within 7m.
x2.50 Melee Damage against Frozen enemies. On Roll: Frozen enemies in a 5.5m radius with a 2s Cooldown.
Gilded circuits spark and energize frenetic movements that echo through the ages. Dance into eternity with Gyre Prime.
Orokin gold enhances the conductivity of Gyre Prime's signature rifle, enabling it to fire massive electrifying orbs.
With its heightened agility and power the Kestrel Prime's heavy attacks will easily knockdown foes, ensuring none shall stand before it.
Enchant onlookers with the crystalline adornments of Gyre Prime's signature syandana.
Signature armor set for the Gyre Prime Warframe.
Now that Gyre Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Gauss Prime
Acceltra Prime
Akaris Prime
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers — check the full details here:
With the introduction of The Devil's Triad to the KIM system, your rank with the Entrati Syndicate influences one of the story paths available to you. With this in mind, we revisited the Entrati Syndicate to make it easier for folks to reach the rank of Family.
The Rank-Up sacrifices for the Entrati Syndicate are tied to the family's story, but we have replaced various items where we could to reduce rarity and difficulty of acquisition.
Rank 1: 6 Benign Infested Tumor and 6 Ferment Bladder
Was: 3 Spinal Core Section (available from fish found exclusively via Cave Fishing)
Rank 2: Keratinos Blueprint, 1 Daughter Token, and 1 Father Token
Was: 1 Keratinos Blades Blueprint, 1 Keratinos Gauntlet Blueprint, 1 Daughter Token, and 1 Father Token
The Standing Cost to acquire the Blueprint has remained the same, but it's one less item to purchase.
Rank 3: 3 Sly Vulpaphyla Tag, 3 Vizier Predasite Tag, 1 Son Token, and 1 Mother Token
Was: 5 Common Avichaea Tag, 1 Medjay Predasite Tag, 1 Son Token, and 1 Mother Token
The Tags required are now from common subspecies and feature easier species to find on the Cambion Drift. 
Rank 4: Zarim Mutagen Blueprint, Arioli Mutagen Blueprint, 1 Son Token, and 1 Father Token
Was: Zarim Mutagen, Arioli Mutagen, 1 Son Token, and 1 Father Token
Players no longer need to build the Mutagens.
Rank 5: Seriglass Shard, 1 Mother Token, and 1 Father Token (Unchanged)
While the rewards are unchanged, we have made changes to Tokens and to the Seriglass Shard's price which will make it easier to acquire.
Daughter Token: increased from 100 to 500 Standing
Father Token: increased from 100 to 500 Standing
Otak Token: increased from 100 to 500 Standing
Son Token: increased from 500 to 1,000 Standing
Grandmother Token: increased from 1,500 to 3,000 Standing
Reduced Seriglass Shard price from 20 to 10 Grandmother Tokens
Adjusted Exchange Family Token conversion ratios to maintain Standing Ratio as follows:
Reduced required Father, Daughter, and Otak Tokens from 10 to 4
Increased required Mother Tokens from 10 to 20
Note: Exchanging Tokens gives players 1.5x extra Standing in Grandmother Tokens. With the changes to Token Standing Values, the number of Tokens required to exchange for a Grandmother Token have been adjusted to maintain that ratio.
We've improved damage number visuals so that you see damage numbers from NPCs you are authoritative over when they deal damage, instead of just your own. Basically, if the player caused the damage (whether they are controlling the avatar or not), the player can see the damage number! 
This was something we added to Nokko so that you could see the damage numbers of his Sporepring even when he was in Sprodling mode. Now, we've made this game-wide so that you can see any latent damage dealt by Warframe abilities. This is especially useful with the new Tauron Strikes to see the damage dealt after you have used Transference to switch to Operator. 
Changed Elemental Ammo (e.g. Cyte-09's Resupply) to apply its elemental damage instance twice On Headshot/Weakpoint hit upgrades/buffs.
Previously, it was applying this additional instance to the target's "torso" on headshot. This could result in some issues where hitting a boss's weak point would prevent elemental ammo from doing any damage because it would be trying to hit their "torso" and not the weak point. This has the added benefit of triggering benefits from weak point hits multiple times (eg. Incarnon charging)!
Added tips while Modding to better assist players in matching polarity and reaching capacity.
Added Archwing (i.e., Archgun, Archmelee) indicators in tooltips and the in-game Market.
Changed Valkyr's Passive SFX.
Reduced the SFX indicator volume after fully charging her Passive.
Removed the "sword-sheathing" SFX when the Passive is charged.
Improved the Gore System to be more, well, gory! 
Should you not wish to see the bloodier splatters from your attacks, you can toggle off Gore in your settings.
Added a "Sort By:" header when expanding a drop-down to better explain what the drop-down does. 
Improved the UI VFX radial rays for slide out popups (notably when scraping wreckage). 
Updated the Detron's texture and material. 
Improved tileset logic in the "Protect the Moon" stage of The Second Dream Quest.
Optimized memory usage in all levels.
Improved system resource usage when optimizing your cache.
Improved cache optimization speed on higher-end PCs.
Optimized memory footprint during a segment of The New War quest.
Optimized Mutalist Cernos particle usage on GPUs.
Made small optimizations to download size.
Optimized capturing screenshots to make it faster in some situations. 
Optimized memory footprint for all platforms. 
Made streaming system optimizations. 
Made a small optimization to level loading. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the upgrade system. 
Made optimizations to Duviri, Koumei and hack sound samples.
Optimized engine startup time and memory footprint in-game. 
Fixed performance issues after leaving Duviri while using Saryn's Minerva Gemini Skin.
Fixed performance issues caused by The Hex Protoframes loading into Höllvania missions. 
Fixed Oraxia's ability clips causing performance issues. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to network replication.

### Fixes
We could not be more elated for you to experience all that The Old Peace has to offer! This final update of 2025 sets the stage for our next major chapter with a heart-rending revisit to the past.
Operators and Drifters have received a significant remaster! Every feature has had an overhaul to elevate your unique look and bring a more realistic feel to these characters. On login, you will meet your remastered Operator and Drifter with the team's best efforts to adapt their premaster looks, which you can customize further if desired.
Thank you for an incredible year of Warframe! We hope you love The Old Peace as much as the DE team had making it.
While everyone will find the truth eventually, we ask that our best Tauron Academy students help preserve the mystery for fellow Tenno as they enjoy the update at their own pace. Please read our Spoiler Courtesy PSA to learn more about how you can post with best spoiler-free practices!
Update 41 is a Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Update 40: The Vallis Undermind is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the dedicated The Old Peace subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
DirectX 11: ~5.30 GB
DirectX 12: ~6.04 GB
We highly encourage you to read the entirety of The Old Peace patch notes to learn the nitty gritty that's been wrapped into this update! But if you are looking for something in specific, simply search the following keywords to jump to its dedicated section in the spoilers below:
Reveal hidden contents
New Cinematic Quest: The Old Peace 
Dark Refractory 
Mission Preview Feature
New Resources 
La Cathėdrale & The Devil's Triad 
Marie Leroux
Lyon Allard
Roathe 
New Gamemode: Descendia 
New Gamemode: The Perita Rebellion
Focus School Expansion
Tauron Strikes 
New Focus School Nodes
Tektolyst Artifact Upgrades 
Operator & Drifter Remaster 
Kinemantik Messaging System Expansion: The Devil's Triad 
Honoria 
New Warframe: Uriel 
New Weapons 
New Weapon Type: Bayonet (Vinquibus) 
New Orokin-Era Grineer Weapons
Galariak Prime
Sagek Prime 
New Arcanes 
Gyre Prime Access 
Market Additions
The Old Peace Uriel Bundle 
The Old Peace Gemini Bundle 
War Stories Bundle 
Voruna Medeina Collection
Tau Dax Armaments Skin Bundle 
Crown of Splendor Salon Pack 
The Devil's Triad Community Bundle 
Prime Vanguard Display 
General Market Additions
Prime Vanguard Varzia Offerings (Begins December 18) 
Additions
Changes
Performance & Optimizations 
Fixes
Using Albrecht's Dark Refractory, delve deep into memories thought lost to time, memories of Tau and the fragile peace brokered between Orokin and Sentient. What happened in the past to make such bitter enemies in the present? With the help of your friend, Adis Truth-bloom, only the Tenno can uncover the real story of Tau.
During The Old Peace Quest, you'll relive the war-torn memories of the Operator and Excalibur Prime. The latter's usage is solely tied to the Quest and does not carry over to your Arsenal if you do not own him. It's important we continue to honor our Founders in this memory with the Prime that breathed life into Warframe. We hope you enjoy this experience!
The Tau levels in the quest feature new volumetric wind, an experimental system that delivers more realistic wind interactions. In the quest, this allows certain abilities and weapons to blow particles and cloth around. We will be slowly rolling this system out in the game in the future.
Complete all main quests up to and including The Lotus Eaters Quest.
Visit our Quest Guide to help you along your journey to unlocking The Lotus Eaters Quest.
The quest can take roughly an hour and 15 minutes to complete.
Prepare Before Beginning!
We highly recommend you complete the following check list before beginning the quest:
Completing the Quest will reward you with the following (relevant dedicated sections are in the patch notes with more information):
Inbox Message Rewards:
New Warframe Uriel's Blueprint 
Operator Atmosphere cosmetic 
Worn by Operators to ensure ventilation in the hostile atmosphere of Tau. While the name states "Operator", it can also be equipped on your Drifter! 
New Resources:
75x Lyroic Bridge 
75x Ren Hypercore
75x Ascaris Prime 
Access to the following: 
The Dark Refractory and new gamemodes: Descendia and The Perita Rebellion 
La Cathédrale and The Devil's Triad in the Sanctum Anatomica 
The Devil's Triad KIM Expansion 
A new skin available for purchase in the [spoiler] customization menu in your Personal Quarters. Those who know, know!
Slip deep into memories of another time and place in the Dark Refractory... Descend into the Infernums of Roathe's mind as the Drifter in Descendia and the memories of war-torn Tau as the Operator in The Perita Rebellion.
Upon completing The Old Peace Quest or using the Mission Preview Feature, the Dark Refractory will appear as an additional option at Navigation. This is where you access the two new gamemodes, Descendia and The Perita Rebellion.
Note: Players will not currently receive Steel Path trophies for their completion of Steel Path missions in The Dark Refractory. We aim to release these in early 2026 — thank you for your understanding and patience, Tenno!
Learn more about each gamemode in their dedicated sections below.
We're introducing a new feature with The Old Peace: the ability to preview new gameplay content immediately, regardless of Quest completion status. This preview mechanic is designed to let newer players join their friends in-mission and allow returning players to try out the latest content even if they haven't finished all of their Quests.
To keep this balanced around that intention, it has a few caveats:
This is an experimental feature, borne from the reality that, after 13 years, letting new and returning players jump into shiny new content is important for our longevity. Rest assured, we'll be keeping a close eye on its implementation should any additional changes be needed.
Whether you are stepping into your memories of Tau or delving through Roathe's Infernums, new resources await you in The Dark Refractory.
The following are Infernum rewards which can also be acquired from containers in Descendia.
Currency to purchase wares from Roathe's Surplus store (learn more in "La Cathėdrale & The Devil's Triad" section).
Unless otherwise specified, the resources in The Perita Rebellion drop from enemies, crates, and from completing Encounters. Learn more about this new gamemode in its dedicated section.
A crafting component for new content introduced in The Old Peace.
Currency to purchase Tektolyst Artifact Mods and Arcanes, as well as other resources from Marie's store (learn more in "La Cathėdrale & The Devil's Triad" section).
A crafting component for new content introduced in The Old Peace.
Currency to purchase Tektolyst Artifact Mods and Arcanes, as well as other resources from Marie's store (learn more in "La Cathėdrale & The Devil's Triad" section).
A crafting component for new content introduced in The Old Peace.
Currency to purchase Tektolyst Artifact Mods and Arcanes, as well as other resources from Marie's store (learn more in "La Cathėdrale & The Devil's Triad" section).
The following three resources (Lyroic Bridge, Ren Hypercore and Ascaris Prime) are all used for the same purposes:
Currency to purchase Tektolyst Artifact weapons from Marie (learn more in the "Focus School Expansion" section). 
Upgrade the new Tauron Focus Nodes (learn more in the "Focus School Expansion" section).
Earned from Recall: Hunhullus missions in The Perita Rebellion.
Earned from Recall: Dactolyst missions in The Perita Rebellion.
Earned from Recall: Vanguard missions in The Perita Rebellion.
You can also fast travel to this new area from the pause menu and quick access wheel while in the Sanctum Anatomica.
Here you will meet and interact with The Devil's Triad, who offer much in the way of goods and services.
You can also speak to these new Protoframes via the KIM system to learn more about them - learn more in the dedicated "Kinemantik Messaging System Expansion" section. Their Gemini Skins can also be purchased in the Market! Learn more in the "Market Additions" section.
A nun determined to serve Sol by proving that even the most unrepentant devil can be redeemed. Wisp's Protoframe!
Marie is your access point to retrieving Tektolyst Artifacts, Focus School weapons with immense power that are key to unlocking Tauron Strikes and new Focus School upgrades. Get all the details from the dedicated "Focus School Expansion" section.
She also has a rotating store (resets daily at 00:00 UTC) where you can trade resources earned from The Perita Rebellion for the following:
Tektolyst upgrades (Mods and Arcanes) 
Learn more in the dedicated "Focus School Expansion" section
New resources from Descendia and The Perita Rebellion (1 per customer per day)
A priest of Lua tormented by nightmarish visions. Harrow's Protoframe!
Lyon is reserved upon first meeting, a man of few words indeed. You'll have to earn his trust through Marie in the KIM system before he opens up and grants you access to his Decorations Shop. Learn more in the dedicated "Kinemantik Messaging System Expansion: The Devil's Triad" section.
Grand Carnus Roathe, the Heretic of Xata. Uriel's Protoframe!
Browse his Surplus to trade Maphica (unless specified otherwise) for the following items:
Uriel's main and component blueprints (learn more in the "New Warframe: Uriel" section) 
New weapons' main and component blueprints (learn more in the dedicated "New Weapons" section):
Vinquibus 
Galariak Prime 
Sagek Prime 
New Arcanes (details in "New Arcanes" section):
Primary Bulwark
Primary Debilitate 
Primary Overcharge
Arcane Concentration 
Arcane Expertise
Arcane Persistence 
Arcane Circumvent 
Secondary Irradiate 
Melee Careen 
Descendia Arcane Collection
Trade Ignia to receive three random Arcanes from the list above. 
New Captura Scenes:
Makvos Cannon Scene
Boro Overlook Scene
World-Seeder Scene
Fort Tennadis Scene
Trauma Manifestation Arena
Lyon's Room Scene
Marie's Room Scene
New Simulacrum Room: Roathe's Oblivion Arena
Step into Roathe's waking nightmare as the Drifter. Dive into Descendia and discover what fresh horrors await you with each new Infernum. Each week offers new rewards and challenges as you journey into Roathe's mind.
the first floor. Various rewards are shown at the different floors, the options for either Normal or Steel Path, and a fiery button to "Descend".
After completing The Old Peace or opting in to Mission Preview via the Update Highlights screen, Descendia is accessible via the Dark Refractory. Select "Descendia" and choose your difficulty (normal or Steel Path*) to begin your descent into The Precipice.
*Steel Path in Descendia is accessible when/if you have unlocked Steel Path on the Star Chart.
The first descent of each week always starts at the top of The Precipice, but for those who reach Infernum 7 or 14, you may start from there at any point during the week. It's like a hellevator to your latest checkpoint. Your progress on the Normal Path and The Steel Path are tracked separately, so you can only access these checkpoints on the paths you earned progress on.
Unlock rewards every 2 Infernums completed after a checkpoint, with a bonus reward after Infernum 21 — meaning players can expect 10 Infernum rewards for a full descent!
Each Infernum may be impacted by a Penance, of which there are many held within this torturous tower. Penances change with each Infernum — so prepare by bringing your best gear to take on the varying challenges during your descent.
Penances for all Infernums change weekly to challenge your might, whether that's meteors falling from the sky, Liminus leeching off your every move, or enemies lighting you on fire with interconnected chains from hell. Roathe's mind knows no bounds when it comes to making The Precipice a fresh hell.
Arbitration Drones
Enemy spawns are protected by Arbitration Drones.
Sneaky Retreats
Upon reaching half health, enemies become invulnerable for a short duration and teleport away.
Bomb Defusal
Players glow with heat, exploding after 15 seconds for massive damage. Delay the explosion by killing enemies.
Bubble Blasters
Enemy projectiles are replaced with large, slow moving spheres.
Chains of Fire
Chains of fire connect enemies. Chains burn players who come into contact with them.
Chemical Warfare
Poison gas is dispersed around the arena, dealing Toxin damage to Tenno and their allies. Enemies drop safety zones which can be used to avoid damage.
Eximus Cabal
Increased chance of enemies spawning as an Eximus unit. There are 9 different Eximus Cabal, each with the ability to spawn 3 Eximus types: 
Leech Blitz
All Eximus units are Blitz, Guardian, or Leech Eximus.
Fire & Ice
All Eximus units are Arctic, Arson, or Blitz Eximus.
Frozen Light
All Eximus units are Arctic, Energy Leech, or Jade Light Eximus.
Frozen Guardians
All Eximus units are Arctic, Energy Leech, or Guardian Eximus.
Jade Guardian - All Eximus units are Guardian, Jade Light, or Shock Eximus.
Power Hungry
All Eximus units are Arson, Blitz, or Jade Light Eximus.
Shocking Leech
All Eximus units are Leech, Shock, or Venomous Eximus.
Toxic Flames
All Eximus units are Arson, Shock, or Venomous Eximus.
Toxic Leech
All Eximus units are Energy Leech, Leech, or Venomous Eximus.
Falling Debris
Debris is constantly falling from the ceiling, dealing damage to any caught underneath it.
Fire Trails
Enemies leave behind a trail of fire which burns Tenno and their allies.
Fireball Rollers
All enemies are Rollers that leave behind a trail of fire and burn players who cross it. 
Foes Vulnerable to Archguns
Players are armed with just an Archgun until the Infernum is complete.
This will use the Archgun with Gravimag you have equipped. Don't forget to upgrade your Archgun!
Foes Vulnerable to Amphors 
Enemies are heavily resistant to all damage not dealt by Amphors. Amphors will regularly spawn in the arena.
Foes Vulnerable to Rockets
Enemies are heavily resistant to all damage not dealt by Rockets. Thermian RPGs will regularly spawn in the arena.
Frictionless
Friction is greatly reduced for Tenno.
Gigantism
Enemies are larger and slower than normal.
Glassmaker Cephalites
Void tears turn enemies to glass, rendering them immortal until glass shards on their body are destroyed.
Head Stompers
Enemies are smaller than normal and take massively increased damage from being jumped on.
Hidden Threats
Enemies are invisible until they first attack.
Laser Limbo
A laser security grid periodically spawns, rotating around its base. Players caught by the lasers take damage.
Manic Mania
All enemies will be Manics.
Narmer Deacons
Narmer Deacons are present to slow down players who cross their gaze.
Only Weak Points Are Vulnerable
Enemies are heavily resistant to damage applied outside of weak spots.
Sol Banished
The lights have been turned off in this Infernum, causing darkness.
Sol's Fury
Enemies emit a damaging light aura, which damages Tenno and allies who enter it.
Tau's Revenge
All enemies will be Sentients.
Weakpoint Horde
Enemies are heavily resistant to damage applied outside of weak spots, and will be more likely to swarm around you with melee attacks.
On Infernums 7 and 14, you will encounter Marie (7) and Lyon (14)! A brief reprieve from the constant nightmare of Roathe's memories, they will provide you with a choice of two Blessings, you must choose one before continuing your descent into chaos.
The Blessings you choose from Marie and Lyon will persist for that difficulty throughout the week, and reset on Monday at 0:00 UTC with the rest of Descendia.
If you choose to replay Descendia you will receive Marie's Blessing once you pass through Floor 7 and Lyon's Blessing at Floor 14.
Normal Path and Steel Path Blessings are independent of each other, allowing selection of different Blessings when reaching Marie and Lyon across difficulties.
You will only receive the Blessings of the difficulty you are descending.
Descendia is full of new rewards to make your torturous delve into Roathe's mind worthwhile. There are 10 rewards per difficulty to be gained each week, which reset weekly on Mondays at 0:00 UTC.
Collect Ignia and Maphica found throughout the Infernums to trade with The Devil's Triad, search for the coveted Bayonet stance hidden in containers, collect Uriel and Vinquibus Blueprints from the bottommost Infernum, and be rewarded for sifting through memories to help Roathe remember his past!
The further you descend, the more twisted nightmares you overcome, the better your rewards will be. Normal and Steel Path Difficulties have separate reward tables, and both can be completed once per week.
Found on Infernums 2, 4, 9, 11, 16, and 18, each Infernum will randomly choose a reward each week from the following options:
3x 10,000 Credits Cache
2,500 Endo
50 Vosfor
40 Ignia
5 Maphica
Rewarded after completing Infernums 6, 13, and a triple drop on Infernum 20!* These Arcanes are all but the rarest Arcanes available from Eidolons, available here to bolster your supply and help you finish off Rank 5!
*This will be 3x your drop, not 3 separate Arcane drops.
Rewarded only on Infernum 21, after clearing the entirety of hell. If you manage to beat Roathe's challenge, you'll receive one of:
Forma Blueprint
Primary Arcane Adapter
Secondary Arcane Adapter
Melee Arcane Adapter
Amp Arcane Adapter
Found on Infernums 2, 9, and 16, these common rewards will have you stockpiling resources to trade with Roathe in no time at all:
250 Ignia
15 Maphica
Earned on Infernums 4, and 11, to provide a boost to your power.
Forma Blueprint
Melee Riven Mod
Pistol Riven Mod
Rifle Riven Mod
Shotgun Riven Mod
Zaw Riven Mod
Kitgun Riven Mod
Primary Arcane Adapter
Secondary Arcane Adapter
Melee Arcane Adapter
Amp Arcane Adapter
3 Day Affinity Booster
3 Day Resource Booster
3 Day Mod Drop Chance Booster
Rewarded for completing Infernums 6, 13, and a triple drop on Infernum 20!* These Arcanes are all new to the Descendia Game Mode! For more details on these Arcanes, check out the "New Arcanes" section of the Patch Notes.
*This will be 3x your drop, not 3 separate Arcane drops.
Arcane Concentration
Arcane Circumvent
Arcane Expertise
Arcane Persistence
Primary Bulwark
Primary Debilitate
Primary Overcharge
Secondary Irradiate
Melee Careen
It wouldn't be Steel Path without a bit of Steel Essence
25 Steel Essence is rewarded for clearing Infernum 18!
If you've managed to rip and tear through the entirety of hell, descended to the bottom and braved the most hellish of challenges, you'll be rewarded with one of the following:
Orokin Catalyst Blueprint
Orokin Reactor Blueprint
Omni Forma Blueprint
Eidolon Madurai Lens Blueprint
Eidolon Vazarin Lens Blueprint
Eidolon Zenurik Lens Blueprint
Eidolon Naramon Lens Blueprint
Eidolon Unairu Lens Blueprint
Crimson Archon Shard
Azure Archon Shard
Amber Archon Shard
The following Somachord Tones can be found throughout the Precipice:
Decrypted
Roses from the Abyss
The Cardinal Calls
Memory is a powerful tool. Return to the battlefields of old and relive your experiences in the Perita Rebellion on Tau.
Each Perita Rebellion memory can be sustained for 12 minutes, culminating in a final boss battle with unique rewards. Accomplish as much as you can with the time available to you to earn upgrades for your final showdown.
Choose which memory to return to — and which foe to face off against — via the new Dark Refractory menu available from the Navigation console.
In this menu, you are presented with the following missions:
Recall: Hunhullus
Recall: Dactolyst
Recall: Vanguard
Each Recall mission determines which foe you will face at the end — they each come with their own rewards, which we will cover later on!
On this screen, you can choose which Focus School to use during The Perita Rebellion. Your Operator retains their knowledge of Tauron Strikes, so you will be able to use the Strike of your chosen Focus School, regardless of if you have unlocked the corresponding Tektolyst Artifact. For more information on Tauron Strikes, check out the "Focus School Expansion" section.
The Perita Rebellion can be experienced on the Normal and Steel Path (if players have unlocked The Steel Path on the Star Chart).
Entering your memories of the Perita Rebellion starts a 12 minute timer. Your objective is to further the Rebellion's cause with the time available to you, earning additional rewards and upgrades as you complete Encounters.
Encounters are mission objectives that serve to help your allies — eliminating foes, destroying scanners, and more. The more Encounters you complete, the better prepared you will be for your final showdown.
Initiative Upgrades: every 1 Encounter
Tektolyst Artifact Resource: every 1 Encounter
The resource you earn is determined by your mission choice. See "Final Showdown" for more information.
Reward from Rotation A on the mission droptable: every 3 Encounters
See "General Mission Rewards" section below for more information on how to read mission droptables.
While on the battlefield, your foes may send a Commandeered Prime Warframe your way in hopes of cutting you down. These foes drop additional rewards when defeated!
Normal Path: Chance to drop a Tektolyst Mod 
Steel Path: Chance to drop a Tektolyst Mod and guaranteed chance to drop a Tektolyst Arcane
Commandeered Primes also drop 1 Steel Essence on The Steel Path.
Completing Encounters or collecting three Initiative Fragments (seen in screenshot below) will earn buffs for your Warframe, determined by your chosen Focus School. Earning subsequent Upgrades will stack their effects.
Available upgrades are as follows:
Madurai: +25% Primary and Secondary Damage, and +25% Fire Rate
Vazarin: +25% Max Health and +25% Status Chance
Naramon: +25% Melee Critical Chance and +25% Melee damage
Unairu: +25% Armor and +25% Impact Damage
Zenurik: +25% Ability Strength and +25% Ability Duration
Any Focus School: +25% Max Health and +25% Multishot
After your 12 minutes have elapsed, you will be transported to a boss Arena to face off against your chosen foe. In addition to the listed rewards, players will receive 3 Steel Essence after completing any Steel Path mission in The Perita Rebellion.
Hunhullus Cutscene_Shorter.mp4Unavailable
Take on the giant Hunhullus and master the use of Marrowtics to optimize your damage output against its Synovias. An enemy of this size requires use of all the tools available to you — we recommend ensuring that your Archwing loadout is up to snuff before venturing into this battle.
Defeating the Hunhullus rewards Lyroic Bridges, which can be exchanged with Marie for Tektolyst Artifacts.
Guilt is a strange beast, and this is just one way to face it.
Defeating the Dactolyst rewards Ren Hypercores, which can be exchanged with Marie for Tektolyst Artifacts.
Warframes appeared on both sides of the battlefield. Take on Ash Prime, Protea Prime, Mesa Prime, Caliban Prime, Volt Prime and Ember Prime all at once!
Defeating the Prime Vanguard rewards Ascaris Primes, which can be exchanged with Marie for Tektolyst Artifacts.
In addition to the specialized rewards from each boss, completing The Perita Rebellion will reward the following:
Resources: Agnovidisc, Laudavi, and Servoris
Tektolyst Artifact Mods
Tektolyst Artifact Arcanes
Sagek Prime Blueprints
Galariak Prime Blueprints
As mentioned in the "Rewards from Encounters" section, these rewards are pulled from different rotations in The Perita Rebellion droptables when players achieve certain criteria.
Rewarded every 3 Encounters Completed
The Rotation A droptable includes:
Endo, Credits, and The Perita Rebellion resources (Agnovidisc, Laudavi, and Servoris)
Void Relics
Sagek Prime and Galariak Prime Blueprints
Tektolyst Artifact Mods
Rewarded every 1 Encounter Completed
The Rotation B droptable includes:
The resource associated with the Recall mission type (i.e. Lyroic Bridges for Recall: Hunhullus, etc.).
Rewarded upon mission completion
The Rotation C droptable includes:
Tektolyst Artifact Arcanes
Out in the war torn fields of Perita you will encounter the Anarchs, a new faction comprised of separatist Dax units and the six Commandeered Prime Warframes. Scan them out in battle to learn more in your Codex.
Anarchs are vulnerable to Impact and Electricity damage and resistant to Radiation.
With the introduction of the Anarchs, we've also added a "Anarch Battlegroup" to the Simulacrum enemy spawner. As a reminder, you need to have scanned 30% of a Faction for their battlegroup to appear.
The following Somachord Tones can be found throughout The Perita Rebellion landscape:
Deepest Dark
Flowers Fall
Ironclad
Executor
The Unremembered
His Light
Lullaby of the Manifold
Lullaby of the Manifold
Adis's Lament
Lullaby of the Manifold
Dusk
Bring the essence of the ultimate Tenno power to the battlefield. Pierce the front with a mighty bow, bring low mechanical terror with a glorious sword and shatter ground with a whirlpooling vortex. Find power in the antiquity of the Orokin empire with Tauron Strikes — a new Focus power harnessed by the Tenno.
Before diving into the details, let's start first by quickly defining Tektolyst Artifacts and Tauron Stikes, as well as the relationship between the two:
Naramon's Tektolyst Artifact mid strike. The massive longsword overflows with Void energy as it prepares to release a strike at a towering enemy turret in the distance.
There are two way to accessing the Tauron Strikes:
Your chosen Focus School in The Perita Rebellion screen grants you access to the associated Tauron Strike, regardless if you own the associated Tektolyst Artifact.
This is a great way to try out each of the Tektolyst Artifacts prior to acquiring them permanently from Marie (more information below).
To unlock a Focus School's Tauron Strike for gameplay outside of The Perita Rebellion, you must first acquire its Tektolyst Artifact from Marie in La Cathédrale in the Sanctum Anatomica.
Purchasing Artifacts from Marie requires new resources earned from completing the final encounter in the following Perita Rebellion missions:
You must have the Focus School unlocked first before being able to purchase its Tektolyst Artifact.
Once you've acquired a Tektolyst Artifact, the corresponding Focus School will expand with new nodes dedicated to increasing the power of your Tauron Strike! We cover specifics of the nodes in the "New Focus School Nodes" section.
Tektolyst Artifacts are equipped by activating the associated Focus School. For example, activating Madurai will auto-equip the Thara Tektolyst Artifact in the Equipment screen.
Zenurik's Tektolyst Artifact. The hover reveals the Upgrade and Appearance options.
From the Operator Equipment screen you can a) upgrade your Artifact and b) customize its appearance! You can also access these options from the Arsenal.
We'll get into the specifics of upgrading your Artifact down below, but first let's take a look at each Focus School's Tektolyst Artifact!
Tauron Strikes.mp4Unavailable
The unwavering Bow of the school of Madurai. To face its wielder is to fight against its Tauron Strike, the tempestuous power of the Void itself; and there it has been lost since time immemorial.
The incisive Blade of the school of Naramon. A sword that cleaves fate as cleanly as its Tauron Strike would any mountain, should it ever be discovered in the vastness of the Void.
The mighty Hammer of the school of Unairu. Now lost to the Void, but if found, its Tauron Strike would be granted strength enough to topple armies.
The righteous Staff of the school of Vazarin. Before being lost to the Void, it was a weapon whose very presence could signal the end to a conflict, such is the destructive power of its Tauron Strike.
The overpowering Grimoire of the school of Zenurik was perhaps ever destined for the Void. Though powerful, the ruinous secrets it whispers through its Tauron Strike can drive even the clearheaded to madness.
To use your Tauron Strike, you must charge it up to full! There are three ways to accomplish this:
1. Eliminating Enemies
All killed enemies grant a flat amount of Tauron Strike Charge with or without Focus Lenses. Ally kills within Affinity range also provide charge.
2. Focus Lenses
Focus Lenses provide a bonus increase to the Charge Rate of your Tauron Strike. Each Lens type (Base, Greater, Eidolon and Lua) all grant +10% charge rate.
Granting a base amount of Focus on pickup and multiplying the amount of Affinity converted to Focus Points (unchanged) 
Granting an instant amount of Tauron Strike charge (20% per Orb), as well as buffing the charge rate from killing enemies during a 45s window. 
Tauron Strike charge is granted regardless of Daily Focus Cap! The Orbs will change from yellow to blue to indicate that you are at cap, but that you will still receive Tauron Strike charge on pickup.
4. Automatically in The Perita Rebellion boss fights
Once charged, activate your Tauron Strike by using Transference and pressing the corresponding binding, unleashing an Activation effect, followed by a Persistent effect (learn more in the "New Focus School Nodes" section).
Fixed the Gladiator, Vigilante, Carnis, Mecha, Nira, Saxum, Synth and Tek Mod Set bonuses not applying.
Fixed Host being unable to rejoin the Deepmines Bounty they migrated from. 
Fixed the Captura "Reposition Text to Camera View" option no longer moving text to camera position. 
Fixed explosive projectiles being blocked by bullet passable surfaces (eg: Ogris). 
Fixed an issue where the Phahd Scaffold (Operator amp component) triggered the effects of other weapon upgrades.
Since the Phahd secondary fire is derived from a "glaive" type weapon, the weapon was uniquely treated as a projectile, and lingered long enough to erroneously count as whatever weapon you had equipped on your Warframe.
Phahd attacks will now solely count as an Operator weapon, and will receive buffs from Operator mods and abilities accordingly.
Fixed the "Exit Game" option in the pause menu missing while in Teshin's Dojo in The Teacher Quest. 
Fixed Quest progress not being updated properly if losing network connection at the stage completion.
Fixed being able to start another quest from the Codex while The Teacher is the active quest, resulting in being unable to progress. 
Fixed being able to trigger an unfinished version of wall running with melee weapon equipped. 
Wall running will be complete in its feature complete state in a future update. A partial version accidentally leaked in The Vallis Undermind. 
Fixed Oxylus's Scan Matter not working on Cambion Drift Ore veins. 
Fixed Warframe being sent back to a previous respawn location after falling off-map as Operator elsewhere.
Fixed Nokko's Passive unintentionally working for Hosts in Arbitrations.
Fixed Oberon's Passive not working after loading into a 1999 Mission from the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed instances of Oraxia's Mercy's Kiss not properly executing enemies below 50% health. 
Fixed Deepmines Bounties being a requirement to unlocking Steel Path. 
Fixed Clients on low-spec machines potentially losing connection when attempting to load into a Höllvania mission.
Fixed Punch Through causing projectiles from certain weapons to bounce off of dead foes instead of punching through them. 
Fixed the Cortege locking players in the alt-fire mode after pressing the input while it's uncharged.
Fixed client Nokkos being unable to cast Reroot in the Simulacrum after the Host invites while using the Arsenal.
Fixed Oraxia being unable to latch onto the Ascension elevator with Silken Stride. 
Fixed players losing their Mod configurations until death following a Host Migration in Duviri's Circuit.
Fixed The Profit Taker's legs having unusual hitboxes, which made it appear that hitscan Archgun damage was dealing no damage (was causing 0s to appear when dealing damage).
Fixed being downed right after exiting Nokko's Reroot causing the player to float uncontrollably in the Sprodling revive state. 
Fixed Nokko's Brightbonnet replenishing Operator Energy.
Fixed Undermind Bounties appearing as Saturn, Phoebe when viewing friends' activity.
Fixed Ordis' vendor menu in the Drifter Camp not displaying the number of Vestigial Motes owned.
Fixed UI prompts during The Sacrifice being ineligible due to the small size of the interactable text.
Fixed generic notification popups not appearing in the correct location immediately after changing Menu Scale. 
Fixed mod slot UI backer scaling up and getting stuck in larger size after equipping a Mod. 
Fixed Friends and Nightwave screen overlapping upon Trade initiation. 
Fixed binding callout in Duviri Selection popup not appearing after completing Paragrimm's Tomes objective in Duviri.
Fixed cases where the Deepmines Mushroom buff VFX would not scale properly on Warframes, notably with Titania when she shrank into her Razorwing state. 
Fixed the heavy melee attack VFX not working with Gemini Skins. 
Fixed universal shotgun skins disabling firing sound FX on certain shotguns. 
Fixed the Spore Ephemera growth VFX appearing on Warframe instead of on the ground as intended. 
Fixed Vitoplast being barely visible in Void Flood missions if the Visual Effect slider is set to 10. 
Adjusted audio mix for the Gruzzling as they were a bit louder than other Murmur enemies. 
Fixed issue with Bonewidow's VFX. 
Fixed Valkyr's jump spin SFX stacking while Hysteria is active.
Fixed the Hildryn Sarcostema Helmet not being platform locked.
Fixed various offset issues on the Brazontik armor set.
Fixed the Eos Prime, Prisma Edo and Prisma Daedalus attachments only being equipped on one side while the "Customize Left/Right separately" toggle is disabled.
Fixed an issue where Gemini Emote voice lines didn't work in all Base of Operations. 
Fixed cloth issues on the Stormfall gloves and jacket. This fix also addressed cloth issues with a Duviri NPC. 
Fixed Gauss Prime's thigh pads clipping through his legs with his Default, Agito, Graxx and Nitrolyst skins. 
Fixed the glittering effect of the gold on the Commodore Prime being broken and appearing distorted. 
In order to fix this issue, the gold tint was adjusted slightly so you may need to update your color scheme slightly to compensate. 
Fixed changing to Nokko and defaulting his colors in hubs causing him to inherit the previously equipped Warframe's colors instead. 
Fixed Look Links using the free colors from the Classic palette not applying if you do not own the full palette. 
Fixed broken hand textures on the Zephyr Conquera skin. 
More fixes towards Kullervo Apostate's tint channels. 
This is a follow up to the original fix we made in The Vallis Undermind update to address the skin's tint channels making colors appear too dull. We've further balanced the color and roughness, which has also been applied to his Culpa Syandana.
Fixed an unclear extraction waypoint in the Desdemona, Uranus tileset. 
Fixed a floating plant in the Five Fates Captura scene.
Fixed trees not properly connecting to the ground in Duviri.
Fixed texture issues in the Courtier's Bliss Dojo Room.
Fixed missing textures in a Grineer Outpost in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a floating rock near Gara Toht Lake in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealabs tileset.
Fixed being able to see through the map in a certain section of the Space Port in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed flickering floor textures while playing in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed broken geometry in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed a map hole in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed a floating green square above Fortuna's entrance in the Orb Vallis. Avakot?
Fixed Duviri Captura scenes lacking vertical or horizontal barriers to teleport the player back to the intended play area.
Fixed texture flickering in a tile in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed doors in Teshin's Dojo doubling up its entry in The Teacher quest.
Fixed a door in the Deepmines tileset having poor trigger detection to open. 
Fixed rendering issues for cables in the Höllvania tileset
this was causing them to have incorrect thickness and texturing. 
Fixed hole in map in one of the tiles in The Teacher quest. 
Fixed detached foliage on one of the rock walls in the Deepmines tileset. 
Fixed the camera clipping through geometry when the player stands at the end of one of the tunnel paths in the Deepmines tileset. 
Fixed being able to see outside of the tile when standing on top of the mod bench in The Teacher Quest. 
Fixed floating fences on a catwalk in a Gas City tile. 
Fixed a texture issue in a Höllvania tile.
Fixed the orbital bombs in the Kela de Thaym fight not reaching the ground before they explode. 
Fixed issues with reflections in the Orbiter that was causing lighting to pop. 
Fixed invisible geometry at entrance of Inaros' tomb in the Sands of Inaros Quest if the Skaut Landing Craft skin is equipped.
Fixes towards enemies that are affected by Radiation Status Effects surviving against each other and then turning to team up against you. The uno reverse radiation effect
Fixed the Loadout Menu opening when stepping into a certain spot near Necraloid in the Sanctum Anatomica.
Fixed parts of the Skaut's model missing in extraction tiles with the Day of the Dead skin equipped.
Fixed Infested Mobility's ending SFX playing prematurely if it was modded for over 300% Duration.
Fixed Corpus Ospreys getting stuck in doorways. 
Fixed missing bottom textures on various 1999 Dojo Decorations.
Fixed Grineer Scorpions swinging indefinitely in place.
Fixed missing Drifter voicelines after petting a Kubrie, Kexat or Kaithe in Duviri.
Fixed The Teacher's "Exit the Arsenal and Return To Teshin" notification persisting on screen until the player installs Cryo Rounds. 
Fixed Grineer Butchers and Scorpions remaining passive during The Awakening Quest.
Fixed Noctua's Paragrimm decoration appearing inverted.
Fixed instances of graphical artifacts occurring while using dynamic resolution. 
Fixed Corpus enemies that use jet packs (such as Terra Provisor) using walking animations while jetpacking. 
Fixed being unable to rotate Adversary in the diorama while using a controller. 
Fixed Drifter being off screen in the Focus Menu in the Orbiter and Drifter's Camp when using the Agile animation set. 
Fixed Warframe kneeling animation in the menus breaking after hitting a respawn volume while they are open. 
Fixed images lingering on screen in the Kela De Thaym fight after she and her audience have completed speaking. 
Fixed Operator model clipping through floor during the chair spin jump scare cutscene in "Get to Entrati" stage of The Hex quest. 
Fixed being able to see Sevagoth's Shadow's arms through the coffin during the end cinematic of the Call of the Tempestarii quest. 
Fixed loss of function when loading into Railjack mission as Operator. 
Fixed The Awakening Quest missing subtitles during the intro cinematic. 
Fixed the K-Drive behaving erratically in Captura and Simulacrum when disarmed via Warframe abilities (for example Loki's Radial Disarm) and friendly-fire is active.
Fixed one of the Yareli Community Customizations missing from Prime Time 447. 
Fixed the Operators in the Erra cutscene having some odd clipping in their chest. 
Fixed Captain Vor's Janus Key using the wrong material (it didn't look gold as intended). 
Fixed Larkspur Prime's listing in Prime Resurgence not stating that it includes an uninstalled Gravimag (original PSA). 
Fixed three street lights in 1999 having health when they should not.
Fixed Operator transmissions in the Jade Shadows quest that created odd interactions with Stalker.
Fixed a missing sentence in a Nightcap subtitle.
Fixed Corpus enemies that use jet packs (such as Terra Provisor) to be able to fly in the Vallis Undermind.
Fixed edge case where you could be forced logged out if you tried to remove a pending friend request who has a space in their alias. 
Fixed Vadarya Prime missing pickup mesh when disarmed. 
Fixed the symbols required to access control panels in the Gas City puzzle missing. 
Fixed infinite ammo in The Teacher quest not appearing correctly in the HUD. 
Fixed Warframe lingering in the Nightwave screen. 
Fixed rare case of being unable to purchase the Winter Accessories Bundle.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's Reroot.
Fixed a script error caused by Mag's Magnetize.
Fixed a crash after using speed-increasing Abilities.
Fixed a script error caused by the Sprodling Ephemera. 
Fixed a script error in the Sands of Inaros quest when fighting Inaros.
Fixed a script error in the Railjack section of The New War quest.
Fixed script error caused by custom cooldown HUD colors while using Archwing Blink.
Fixed rare script error with The Unseeing Herald.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCUpdate 41: The Old Peace
**Date:** 2025-12-10T16:07:09Z | **Type:** Update
## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.5
**Date:** 2025-10-28T20:02:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Disabled coupons for players using the Epic Launcher due to an exploit.
For more information and updates on this situation, head to our official PSA: 
Removed mention of Corpus when Teshin tells players that the enemies' "advanced shields" are vulnerable only to Electricity in The Teacher quest.
Players reported that this may cause confusion to new players (thinking that all Corpus shields are vulnerable only to Electricity).
Removed screen shake caused by your Companion's melee attacks.
Changed Vapos Specter's purchase limit from 1 every 24 hours to 7 a week in Nightcap's wares.
The daily purchase limit was causing issues where the limit wasn't resetting properly, so we swapped it to weekly. Players can still obtain the same number of Specters a week!
Updated the music when viewing player Profiles. 
Made optimizations to the game's memory footprint.

### Fixes
Fixed cases of hacking terminals in Deepmines Bounties not working properly if a host migration occurred while players were still in the elevator.
Fixed the cases of overlaid Mod or Upgrade screens when swapping to other menus — notably the Mod Menu remaining on-screen when rolling a Riven or viewing the Ayatan Treasures screen.
Fixed texture issues on the Dagath Yhavan Skin.
Fixed extremely bright VFX that can spawn from Protea's Grenade Fan.
Fixed the incorrect Arcane Fury appearing in Rank 14 of Nora's Mix: Dreams of the Dead.
Fixed drop ships spawning at a high frequency and not leaving after dropping off their units in the Plains of Eidolon and Orb Vallis.
Fixed being locked in Transference if Sevagoth or Nokko entered a Void Angel Orb while in their passive revive form (Shadow and Sprodling, respectively).
Fixed a Corpus Shield Drone spawner causing the Drone to spawn into the wall during The New War quest.
Fixed being able to summon the Atomicycle in a corridor in Stage 3 of The Hex quest, causing players to get stuck out of the map.
Fixed the Transference Chair having incorrect placement during a different segment of The New War quest.
Fixed UI errors when starting a replay and then exiting The Chimera Prologue and Erra quests.
Fixed being presented with a black screen if players attempted to start the Confront Vor mission in the Vor's Prize quest via the TennoGuide, without having installed the Navigation Segment first.
Fixes towards texture issues on the bottom of various Zariman and Nature Dojo decorations.
Tentative fix towards a rare case of the Deepmines Bounty door not opening for Clients.
Fixed some minor UI misalignment on Stats, Rank Bonuses, Overlevelling, Search, and Sort elements in the Upgrade and Mod menus.
Fixed a floating environment element in the Deepmines tileset. 
Fixed a minor grammatical error and a typo in Basmu's description.
Fixed a section of the Deepmines tileset where a player could get stuck.
Fixed cases of Railjack Mods appearing in the wrong tab after placing them in the Battle or Tactical tabs of the Plexus.
Fixed Mods missing their background in the Bounty Stage Complete Reward pop-up.
Fixed a green orb appearing on Client Warframes when holding Resurgence Tokens in Arbitration missions.
Fixed a non-functioning purchase button appearing on unowned Color Palettes in the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed cases of Corpus Ships not rendering properly during the fly-in cinematic when loading into a mission.
Fixed a missing interact prompt for an Isleweaver fragment in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed the Arsenal opening SFX being muffled.
Fixed incorrect SFX on the Sprodling decoration.
Fixed incorrect projectile SFX on the Morgha's regular and alt-fire. 
Also fixed missing Heavy Gun summon SFX for the Morgha.
Fixed a minor visual issue with Varzia's backing image in the Twitch Drops inbox message.
Fixed a script error related to Xaku's Untime Rift augment.
Fixed a rare crash when returning from a mission.
Fixed the "You have pending packs" prompt being triggered by old packs for players using the Epic Launcher.
Fixed a rare crash when logging in on Steam. 
Fixed a rare crash when returning to the Dry Dock from a Railjack mission.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.5 + 40.0.5.1
**Date:** 2025-10-28T20:02:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 40.0.5.1:
Disabled coupons for players using the Epic Launcher due to an exploit.
For more information and updates on this situation, head to our official PSA: 
Removed mention of Corpus when Teshin tells players that the enemies' "advanced shields" are vulnerable only to Electricity in The Teacher quest.
Players reported that this may cause confusion to new players (thinking that all Corpus shields are vulnerable only to Electricity).
Removed screen shake caused by your Companion's melee attacks.
Changed Vapos Specter's purchase limit from 1 every 24 hours to 7 a week in Nightcap's wares.
The daily purchase limit was causing issues where the limit wasn't resetting properly, so we swapped it to weekly. Players can still obtain the same number of Specters a week!
Updated the music when viewing player Profiles. 
Made optimizations to the game's memory footprint.

### Fixes
Fixed cases of hacking terminals in Deepmines Bounties not working properly if a host migration occurred while players were still in the elevator.
Fixed the cases of overlaid Mod or Upgrade screens when swapping to other menus — notably the Mod Menu remaining on-screen when rolling a Riven or viewing the Ayatan Treasures screen.
Fixed texture issues on the Dagath Yhavan Skin.
Fixed extremely bright VFX that can spawn from Protea's Grenade Fan.
Fixed the incorrect Arcane Fury appearing in Rank 14 of Nora's Mix: Dreams of the Dead.
Fixed drop ships spawning at a high frequency and not leaving after dropping off their units in the Plains of Eidolon and Orb Vallis.
Fixed being locked in Transference if Sevagoth or Nokko entered a Void Angel Orb while in their passive revive form (Shadow and Sprodling, respectively).
Fixed a Corpus Shield Drone spawner causing the Drone to spawn into the wall during The New War quest.
Fixed being able to summon the Atomicycle in a corridor in Stage 3 of The Hex quest, causing players to get stuck out of the map.
Fixed the Transference Chair having incorrect placement during a different segment of The New War quest.
Fixed UI errors when starting a replay and then exiting The Chimera Prologue and Erra quests.
Fixed being presented with a black screen if players attempted to start the Confront Vor mission in the Vor's Prize quest via the TennoGuide, without having installed the Navigation Segment first.
Fixes towards texture issues on the bottom of various Zariman and Nature Dojo decorations.
Tentative fix towards a rare case of the Deepmines Bounty door not opening for Clients.
Fixed some minor UI misalignment on Stats, Rank Bonuses, Overlevelling, Search, and Sort elements in the Upgrade and Mod menus.
Fixed a floating environment element in the Deepmines tileset. 
Fixed a minor grammatical error and a typo in Basmu's description.
Fixed a section of the Deepmines tileset where a player could get stuck.
Fixed cases of Railjack Mods appearing in the wrong tab after placing them in the Battle or Tactical tabs of the Plexus.
Fixed Mods missing their background in the Bounty Stage Complete Reward pop-up.
Fixed a green orb appearing on Client Warframes when holding Resurgence Tokens in Arbitration missions.
Fixed a non-functioning purchase button appearing on unowned Color Palettes in the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed cases of Corpus Ships not rendering properly during the fly-in cinematic when loading into a mission.
Fixed a missing interact prompt for an Isleweaver fragment in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed the Arsenal opening SFX being muffled.
Fixed incorrect SFX on the Sprodling decoration.
Fixed incorrect projectile SFX on the Morgha's regular and alt-fire. 
Also fixed missing Heavy Gun summon SFX for the Morgha.
Fixed a minor visual issue with Varzia's backing image in the Twitch Drops inbox message.
Fixed a script error related to Xaku's Untime Rift augment.
Fixed a rare crash when returning from a mission.
Fixed the "You have pending packs" prompt being triggered by old packs for players using the Epic Launcher.
Fixed a rare crash when logging in on Steam. 
Fixed a rare crash when returning to the Dry Dock from a Railjack mission.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.5 + 40.0.5.1
**Date:** 2025-10-28T20:02:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.4
**Date:** 2025-10-23T19:05:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Adjusted the Qorvex Scarophago's helmet opening animations following feedback from the artist.
Increased the sorting priority of mushrooms in the End of Mission screen.

### Fixes
Fixes towards Acolytes being able to teleport players into locked rooms in Deepmines Bounties, resulting in them getting stuck.
Fixed (almost) every Tenno having the same Archimedea loadouts.
Since we are mid-week, this fix will come into effect with the next weekly reset.
Fixed Deepmines Bounty missions not counting towards "Mission Complete" Nightwave Acts.
Fixed Arbucep's homing missiles not being fast enough to hit enemies in Railjack missions.
Fixed Oberon's reworked Renewal being able to heal the Crystals in Tyana Pass mobile defense.
Fixed performance issues caused by VFX in the H-09 Efervon Tank fight.
Fixed performance issues caused by Oberon's Hallowed Reckoning VFX.
Fixed a crash that could occur when aborting a Deepmines bounty while still in the elevator.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when logging in and triggering TennoGuard 2FA verification.
Fixed the Acolyte spawn timer not resetting when playing Steel Path Deepmines bounties back to back, resulting in Acolytes sometimes showing up a little early.
Fixed Nightcap's weekly purchase limits not resetting properly.
Fixed players seeing negative Nightwave Standing in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed the names of assassination targets in Deepmines Bounties being displayed in the host's language.
Fixed an area in the Deepmines where Nokko could revive himself outside of the map.
Fixed various ceiling map holes in the Deepmines tileset.
Fixed opening Chat linked items while in the Mod Screen resulting in the item having a transparent background.
Fixed Tenet Arca Plasmor's hologram VFX not using custom energy colors.
Fixed a [PH] tag appearing next to the "Donate Amount" sort setting in the Feed Helminth menu.
Fixed the Transference Chair having incorrect placement during a segment of The New War quest.
Fixed intense flickering in the sky of a Lua tile.
Fixed an unintentional change to glass textures on various decorations.
Fixed an indestructible fan having the sheen of a destroyable item in a Grineer Galleon spy vault.
Fixed opening a notification while viewing a profile resulting in UI layering issues.
Fixed some minor lighting issues in the Relay.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Renewal.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's passive.
Fixed a script error caused by Styanax's Axios Javelin.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.4
**Date:** 2025-10-23T19:05:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.3
**Date:** 2025-10-21T18:07:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Screen Shake And Recoil Changes:
While many Tenno benefitted from certain aspects of this change, a large amount of feedback reflected something that is core to Warframe's experience: customization. Many players requested the ability to only apply certain elements of this Setting to their gameplay (i.e. separate these elements in a toggle), and we are acting on that request with this hotfix.
Due to the nature of this system, any adjustments requires changes to the game code, meaning we can only ship the following on PC. Console Tenno can look forward to these changes with our next Cert Update — plus any additional tweaks that may come from feedback after this PC implementation.
Screenshake and Weapon Recoil are now separate Accessibility toggle options!
Toggles most screen shake effects with the exception of camera movement caused by recoil.
This is what Screen Shake was defined as for the vast majority of Warframe's history.
Recoil now has its own Accessibility toggle with the following three options:
Camera: Camera bounces with each shot. (default)
Reticle: A diamond represents the recoil, camera movement reduced.
Reduced: No recoil representation, camera movement reduced.
Fixed the recoil diamond not applying custom reticle HUD colors until you aimed at an enemy.
Reduced the screen shake from the Latron Incarnon's explosion VFX.
Nokko's Sporespring now displays the number of active projectiles in the Ability HUD.
While we stand by our intention with these changes, the resulting conversations highlighted the sheer disparity in Bounty Stage Length depending on the randomized Objectives. After review, we have shortened certain Bounty Objective timers as follows:
Plains of Eidolon:
Resource Theft: Reduced defense timer from 2m to 1m30s
Liberation: Reduced defense timer from 2m30s to 1m30s
Orb Vallis:
Rescue: Each pickup now reduces the defense timer by 30 seconds (was 10)
Coildrive Hack: Reduced defense timer from 2m30s to 1m30s
Cambion Drift:
Liberation: Reduced defense timer from 2m30s to 1m30s
Excavation: Reduced the number of Excavators required from 2/3/4/5 to 1/2/2/3.
All required Excavators are now deployed at the start of the Bounty Stage
Increased the MDPI (Max Damage Per Instance) on Kuva Lich, Sisters of Parvos and Technocyte Coda, so that weapons like Snipers are more effective against these foes.
Removed Damage Attenuation from Skittergirl.
She now has 90% Damage Reduction, and her Base Health* has been increased from 50 to 600. 
Greatly increased the MDPI (Max Damage Per Instance) for Eidolons.
As stated in our Dev Workshop, our intention was to keep this fight as close to the original iteration as possible. The Time-to-Kill was a little longer than it was before, so these changes should bring this fight back to pre-The Vallis Undermind speeds. 
Increased the Techrot Babau's Base Health* from 1,500 to 10,000, and increased the Temporal Archimedea base health bonus from 1,000 to 9,000.
Since Damage Attenuation was removed from these enemies in 40.0.2, their time-to-kill was significantly reduced. Now, they should be a little more challenging to reflect their rare enemy status.
*As a refresher, Base Health refers to the Health Value at Level 1.
Shotgun Vendetta Arcane can now be equipped on the Corvas (Prime) and Mandonel Archguns.
Akbimo Slipshot Arcane can now be equipped on the (Prisma) Dual Decurions Archguns.
Reduced Stats font size so that more stats can fit on the screen in Upgrade and Mod menus, following community feedback.
Restored Mod and Upgrade screens to the transparent backgrounds, following community feedback.
Players no longer have to hover over the Stats bar to scroll through Stats in the Upgrade Menu.
Now, scrolling will move the Stats scrollbar if the cursor is above the Mod List, and will scroll through the Mod List while the cursor is within the Mod List. 
Adjusted capacity warning message placement to avoid clipping with other UI elements, and made a few minor tweaks to the Mod and Upgrade Screen UI element placement.
Fixed unnecessary refresh animation playing when swapping between Configs.
Fixed Mod Slot icons being misaligned in Polarizing screens (i.e. installing a Forma, swapping a Polarity, etc.).
Increased Deepmines Bounty Credit Caches to 10k and 15k (Rotation B and C), and to 20k and 30k (Rotation B and C) for Steel Path.
Fixed Clients being unable to pick up a secret item in Deepmines Bounties. 
Now all players in the Squad should be able to acquire it, not just the Host!
Fixed the Area Defense timer not properly pausing when players leave the Objective area in Deepmine Bounties.
Also fixed the Control Level no longer dropping if players enter the Fortuna elevator.
Fixed Nightcap's first time dialogue missing a line.
Fixed various decorations missing their dioramas in Nightcap's Nursery wares.
Fixed completing the Bonus Objective in Deepmine Bounties causing the Bounty Stage icon to be silver instead of gold.
Fixed the Stratos Emblem appearing inside of the Cheeky Sprodling Emblem.
Fixed a rock being able to spawn in front of the Elevator in Deepmines Bounties, partially blocking the door.
Fixed Nightcap's emissives not glowing while he's speaking.
Fixed Nightcap's Rank requirements icon overlapping the Fergolyte cost for Blueprints in his wares.

### Fixes
Fixed the Nightwatch Napalm Ogris Augment not functioning.
Fixed Nokko's Stinkbrain not dealing damage if Nokko is a Client.
Fixed Pheroglands no longer increasing Kalymos' progress in Legacyte Harvest missions.
Fixed Nokko's Sporespring not always bouncing on mushrooms if the game's FPS is set to 30.
Fixed Nokko's Reroot causing issues if activated while running into a teleport volume, or while in a cutscene.
Fixed Clients not seeing the Extraction waypoint in Void Cascade missions.
Fixed hacking consoles no longer functioning if Nokko enters his passive mid-hack.
Fixed overlapping Nullifier bubbles in Limbo's Cataclysm causing Nullifiers to become invulnerable to attacks.
Fixed Sevagoth Shadow Prime having incorrect Armor values.
Fixed Client Sevagoth's Shadow being invisible.
Fixed performance issues caused by Nokko's Reroot.
Fixed Oberon's Renewal being removed when squadmembers leave his Affinity Range.
Fixed cases of accounts made before Vor's Prize was released not receiving The Teacher quest key.
Fixed enemies no longer spawning in Ganymede Disruption missions after a host migration.
Fixed a case of Oberon's passive being able to accumulate infinite stacks.
Fixed enemy levels resetting to 1 after a Host Migration.
Fixed "Hold Your Breath" mission modifier being able to be rolled for non-Survival missions in Temporal Archimedea.
Fixed Thermian RPG missiles not being counted if the weapon is dropped before the missile impacts the barrier in H-09 Efervon Tank assassinate missions.
Fixed an additional non-existent Mod Slot being shown when gilding a Zaw.
Fixed Finishers leaving Sparring weapons unequipped.
Fixed teammate Oberon's Hallowed Reckoning buff indicator using the icon and text string of your equipped Warframe's fourth ability. 
Fixed cases of Clients having infinite bleedout if they entered Last Gasp at a specific timing.
Fixed cases of being unable to bounce continuously on Nokko's mushrooms if players have double jumped, or have lower-spec machines.
Fixed player's Vitoplast Orb breaking if they died while depositing Vitoplast into a Rupture during Void Flood Void Fissure missions.
Fixed more Ivy decorations having texture and animation issues.
Fixed being unable to select the Ayatan Chattraka Sculpture after placing it.
Fixed players being able to get stuck under the equipment panels in The Teacher quest.
Fixed resource container spawning in a weird spot in The Teacher quest.
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealabs tileset.
More fixes to places where Otak can get stuck in Isolation Vaults.
Fixed a script error related to Limbo's Cataclysm.
Fixed pressing "," in a chatbox causing players to type in the search bar if an applicable menu is open.
Fixed a rare crash while leaving a Hub mid-handshake. The rudeness was too unforgivable.
Fixed a generic crash.
Fixed a crash for first-time logins after creating a Steam or Epic account.
Fixed a rare crash caused by using Wellspring during a loading tunnel (ex: the Fortuna elevator).
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCThe Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.3
**Date:** 2025-10-21T18:07:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.2
**Date:** 2025-10-16T20:16:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Damage Attenuation Changes:
Damage Attenuation changes have been removed from regular objective enemies. As a result of this, these regular objective enemies can be one-shotted again.
Damage Attenuation is now solely reserved for true Bosses and enemies with the HUD health bars. 
For certain enemies retaining Damage Attenuation, we have adjusted the values to allow for one-shot kills, if a player's build is powerful enough.
Scaldra Dedicants
Demolishers (including Necramechs)
Deimos Jugulus
Deimos Saxum (and Saxum Rex)
Rogue Necramechs (Voidrig and Bonewidow)
Amalgams 
Empyrean Units (Corpus Proxima):
Aurax Actinic
Aurax Baculus
Aurax Vertec
Numon (all variants)
Vambac (all variants)
Zerca (all variants)
Errant Specters
Gruzzling
Necramite
Sister of Parvos Hounds
Techrot Babau
Treasurer 
Tusk Thumpers (all variants, including Narmer)
Acolytes
Infested Oni
Our goal was to make powerful builds feel more impactful against Damage Attenuated foes, and with your continued feedback, we can ensure we achieve that together.
The team is continuing to look into other reports of bugs and feedback. Please keep it coming!
The Mote Amp is now automatically equipped once players receive it from Quill Onkko in Cetus.
Updated the opening animations for the Qorvex Sarcophago Helmet following artist feedback.
Also fixed the helmet material being mismatched from Qorvex's body.
Also fixed Lubox not being properly credited for this item! Sorry Lubox!
Increased the brightness of the Fumolo Signa to improve visibility.
Added some fog to the Grineer Asteroid tileset for lower-spec machines.
Steel Path Deepmines Bounties now reward 1 Steel Essence upon completion!
Mushrooms that are ready to be Analyzed are now marked with a "!" in the Field Guide.
Fixed Archgun Arcane Adapters not being available from Deepmine Bounty drop tables.
The original patch notes listed them as Steel Path only, but we've added this item to all Deepmine Bounty drop tables.
Fixed the Malva node matchmaking into Deepmines Bounties.
Fixed Acolytes not being able to spawn in certain parts of the Deepmines tileset, resulting in them sometimes spawning very far away from players.
Fixed Deepmines Bounties being required to deploy Extractors on Venus.
Fixed missing VFX in certain "visions" from The Prince.
Fixed a placeholder text string when attempting to Feed the Prince after a new build has been deployed.
Fixed some minor enemy navigation issues in the Deepmine tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to start the Chimera Prologue.
Fixed players being unable to progress in Vor's Prize if they only completed up to unlocking the Mod Segment before The Vallis Undermind was released.
Fixed Protea's Blaze Artillery receiving unintended stat changes. They have been reverted to pre-The Vallis Undermind values.
Fixed increasing performance issues caused by Nokko's Sporespring's line of sight checks.
This ability now uses a simplified raycast check to find targets.
Fixed Operators being able to destroy the Rifts created by Xaku's Untime Rift Augment.
Fixed Helios' Investigator Precept not working for Clients in missions started via a Streaming Tunnel (i.e. Fortuna Elevator, etc.).
Fixed Lavos' Transmutation Probe auto-casting when combining an element involving Electricity.
Fixed cases of being unable to progress in the Angels of the Zariman quest.
Fixed ragdolled enemies sometimes instantly dying on uneven terrain.
Fixed significant performance issues caused by the Tenet Arca Plasmor's VFX.
Fixed performance issues caused by Slam VFX.
Fixed Ivara's Concentrated Arrow crashing the game if shot at a Nullifier Bubble.
Fixed a crash caused by Redeemer Prime.
Fixed a crash when returning to Fortuna from a Deepmines Bounty.
Fixed a rare crash on mission end.
Fixed Helminth subsumed Smite having an incorrect Radial Damage value. 
It now matches Oberon's Smite!
Fixed the Altra Sentinel Wings having collision.
Fixed an unintended context action appearing on the Navigation Console after generating a Technocyte Coda.
Fixed background gameplay elements clipping into the Mod Menu.
Fixed the Mod Menu's background disappearing after entering and leaving the Ayatan Treasures screen.
Fixed Valkyr's Ripline SFX being a full volume for squadmates, regardless of their distance from the casting Valkyr.
Fixed being able to trade the Yareli and Merulina Prime Scene.
If you traded away your Scene, please contact our support team for assistance. 
Fixed missing texture on Natah's transmissions.
Fixed the Companion Riven Mod displaying a droptable instead of item description in Cephalon Simaris' Offerings.
Fixed broken animations when previewing Warframes in the Conclave Arsenal with Melee Doughty equipped.
Fixed Sprodlings from the Sprodling Ephemera disappearing while in the Orbiter.
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealabs tileset.
Fixed a spot where Otak can get stuck in Isolation Vaults.
Fixed a script error after completing a Bounty Stage taken from a Radio Console in the Plains of Eidolon after a host migration.
Fixed a script error caused by Styanax's Tharros Lethality Augment.
Fixed a script error caused by Nokko's Reroot.
Fixed a script error in endless Void Fissure missions, resulting in enemy levels sometimes randomizing to a negative value after a Host Migration.
Fixed graphical errors that would occur if DLSS and SSGI were enabled at the same time.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread: 

## PCThe Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.2
**Date:** 2025-10-16T20:16:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.1
**Date:** 2025-10-15T20:20:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Updated Nokko's Animation Set descriptions in the Market to specify that the Yareli interaction is Nokko-specific.
If you purchased these Animation Sets purely for the Yareli interaction, you can request a refund by submitting a Support Ticket. 
Added Primary Crux, Secondary Enervate, and Melee Doughty to the Höllvania Arcane Collection in Loid's Arcane Dissolution vendor.
Equipped Mods are now hidden in The Teacher Quest after players attempt to Dissolve an equipped Stormbringer.
Our intention is to teach players about how to identify equipped vs unequipped Mods in the Mod Menu, so this change lets us keep that learning moment, but remove further obstacles if they are still confused by it.
Disabled Filters in the Mod and Upgrade Menus during The Teacher quest, as they were causing issues with player progression.
Fixed players being unable to progress in The Teacher quest with a Bleeding Dragon Key equipped.
Fixed an incorrect error message when attempting to interact with other Arsenal elements after upgrading the Thornbak to deal Magnetic Damage.
Changed the Scrofa Disc Moa's name to Scrofa Laser Moa.
Fixed issues with the Scrofa Crewman Eximus' attacks and movement.
Fixed certain Scrofa units not being highlighted by the Enemy Highlights Accessibility Setting.
Fixed the Scrofa Shockwave Moa's kick attacks not damaging Clients.
Fixed a script error when Analyzing mushrooms in the Field Guide.

### Fixes
The Vallis Undermind brought a wide array of content and changes, so we're keeping a close eye on player feedback as you get your hands on this update. In the meantime, this hotfix is focused on fixing some critical bugs and shipping general polish that missed the release candidate build.
For an update on remaining issues on our radar, check our Known Issues thread.
Fixed Nokko's Reroot causing players to spawn at its original casting point when entering a respawn volume (i.e. falling off the map, etc.).
Fixed being able to place Nokko's mushrooms outside of playable mission areas, causing issues if he needed to run to them using his Passive.
Fixed loss of function when using Railjack turrets and the Archwing Slingshot while transforming into a Sprodling as Nokko.
Note: the issue persists when attempting to use the Front Artillery context action.
Fixed Nokko's Reroot Sprodling SFX being audible during cinematics.
Fixed Nokko being unable to use Nova's Wormhole while in Sprodling form.
Fixed players being unable to Wall Latch.
Fixed the Arbucep not coming with a Gravimag installed when purchased from the Market.
With a future hotfix, we'll be running a script to add Gravimags to purchased Arbuceps and refund any purchased Gravimags that were installed in purchased Arbuceps. 
Fixed performance issues caused by certain types of explosions, notably from the Kuva Bramma, Tonkor, and Zarr.
Fixed the accidental removal of the Somatics D11 and Somatics Asa-03 Operator Facial Markings.
Fixed Arcane Adapter slots not working with Modular Weapons (Kitguns, Zaws, etc.).
If you installed an additional Arcane Adapter to regain access to these Arcane Slots, please submit a Support Ticket.
Fixed the updated Mod and Upgrade menus appearing too small with Menu Scale set to Legacy.
Fixed Damage Numbers covering the new Recoil reticle with Screen Shake toggled off.
Fixed armor offset issues on the Wukong Qitian Skin.
Fixed a broken elbow texture on the Wukong Qitian Skin.
Fixed the Sprodling Ephemera's diorama not actually showing the Sprodlings.
Fixed the Sprodlings from the Sprodling Ephemera falling through the floor in the Operator Customization screen on lower-spec machines.
Fixed texture and clipping issues with Ivy decorations.
Fixed the Duviri Candleholder Tree (Tall) decoration having an incorrect snap-to-surface point.
Fixed hologram VFX on the Tenet Arca Plasmor no longer using custom energy tints.
Fixed the Einheri Balefire Charger Skin indicating it is for an item you don't own when equipped on Balefire Charger Prime.
Fixed capitalization errors in objective descriptions in the Chains of Harrow quest.
Tentative fix for crashes on startup for systems using integrated graphics and obsolete drivers.
Fixed a script error when opening Syndicate Menus, causing issues with the interface.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Passive for Clients in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Hallowed Ground.
Fixed a script error in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Smite.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Renewal.
Fixed a script error related to Mag's Bullet Attractor.
Fixed a script error caused by Oberon's Reckoning.

## PCThe Vallis Undermind: Hotfix 40.0.1
**Date:** 2025-10-15T20:20:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 40: The Vallis Undermind
**Date:** 2025-10-15T15:04:12Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Grow strong with Nokko, brave defender of the Deepmines.
Spring into action with Nokko! With his strong roots and an array of tricky fungi this young defender will quickly grow on you.
Nokko's alternate helm proves that the style of a warrior doesn't have to sacrifice function.
Nokko's signature archgun fires six homing missiles, each bearing a payload of one of the six combined elements which detonates in an area upon impact.
Baby sprods just love to have fun! Three bounce around your feet with Nokko's signature Ephemera, a playful reminder of the future of the Deepmines.
Nokko's trusty pack carries everything needed for a long day of caring for the fruits n' roots. Nokko's signature Syandana.
Adopt one of Nokko's adorable Sprodlings to bounce around the Orbiter.
Image description: Two adorably small plushies of the Sprodling (small mushroom creature) sit on the floor, purple, orange and beige in color with a large pink upside down triangle in the center of its "face". The one on the right of the image facing forward with its mushroom cap head tilted to the right and the left with its back to the camera, showing its particularly rotund posterior.
The only thing cuter than a Sprodling is a Sprodling floof. Even more cuddly than the real thing!
Image description: The Warframe Lavos is seen in his Khymia Skin standing in a powerful pose, legs planted and right arm outstretched as his pointed snake creatures wrap around him. The skin features varying shades of green, with a large vial of liquid as the focal point of his helmet and chest piece. The Entrati Laboratories is in the background in a green haze.
Master the art of transmutation with this collection of skins and items for Lavos Khymia.
This collection includes the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
The master of transmutation embraces the process that made him, imbued with the volatile quintessence of alchemy.
Prescribe enemies a lethal dose with Lavos Khymia's signature shotgun skin.
Many a specimen has felt the sting of this wearable apparatus. Lavos Khymia's signature Syandana.
Ethereal serpents slither in your caustic wake with Lavos Khymia's signature Ephemera.
Keep the light of knowledge always in view with Lavos Khymia's signature Signa.
The touch of alchemy leaves its mark, permeating the entire body. Lavos Khymia's signature Sigil.
Image description: The Warframe Wukong is seen in a side lunge, with his right arm above his head and left arm outstretched in front of him wielding the Tiandi Sun & Moon skin, an intricately detailed jade green sword with a glowing center in the hilt.
Wukong is in his Qitian Skin in a snowy mountainous environment, which features a lush white fur on its shoulders as part of his luxurious cropped coat enveloping his chiseled jade green mid-section.
His helmet has two long tassels resting on his chest with a long white thick high pony tail on the back.
Embark upon an epic journey with this collection of skins and items for Wukong Qitian.
This collection includes the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Trickster, warrior, king. Wukong Qitian emerges supreme to claim his rightful title.
Wukong Qitian's signature skin for the Sun & Moon features expert ornamentation fit for a king, a far cry from the austere origins of the blades.
Wukong Qitian's signature Sugatra bestows dignity and poise upon any weapon.
Born from stone, now immortalized by it in this profile Glyph.
Show due respect for Wukong Qitian's power and cunning with this Sigil.
Doubles the rate at which you earn affinity. Upgrade your weapons and Warframes faster.
The greatest journey begins with a single step. Prepare your arsenal for Wukong Qitian with this bundle.
This bundle includes the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
The simian warrior is a mountain of strength. Wukong deals heavy damage and has high survivability. His quick trickster tactics are unforgettable.
Teshin's twin blades.
A bundle of Glyphs highlighting various Warframes, created by Community Artists.
Community Nokko Glyph by Pyrah
Community Lavos Glyph by Disfusional
Community Hildryn Glyph by irisillych 
Community Jade Glyph by Dyana Smythe
We are continuing our series of bundles
Community Art Packs! These packs focus on various Warframes and characters, with art crafted in the style of community artists. This pack uniquely features art done in traditional style on canvas, and then scanned for digital upload.
Learn more about the artists who created the Glyphs, with work-in-progress images, in our article here: 
Added over 200 new Dojo Decorations, featuring Plants and Zariman-themed items.
Added Gameplay Tips to the revive screen! 
Added the "Yareli and Merulina Prime Scene" exclusively for Yareli Prime!
This scene only appears in the Captura Scene inventory for Yareli Prime and will be automatically given to accounts who craft/purchase Yareli Prime. 
If you owned Yareli Prime prior to the update, we will be running a script to send this scene to your account. However, if you had sold her prior to the update and recrafted/repurchased her and did not receive the Scene, you will need to contact support.warframe.com. 
This special static scene displays your custom Yareli Prime color scheme (attachments not included) in the poses featured in her Prime Trailer. Lighting, camera shot and the other usual settings are not enabled since this is a cinematic shot! 
Added the "What Is My Fate" Somachord track and Five Fates Captura Scene to Koumei's Fate Pearls offerings. 
Added The Teacher Earth Scene from The Teacher to Teshin's Steel Path Wares.
Added new plant and resource decorations to various Vendors:
Old Man Suumbaat in Cetus: 
Grodkdul Drum, Iradite Formation, and Nistlebrush Decorations
Smokefinger in Fortuna: 
Tepa and Thermal Sludge Cannister Decorations
Acrithis in Duviri/Dormizone:
Saggen Well, Aggristone, Connla Sprout, Curax Dole, Dracroot, Eevani, Kovnik, Runic Compact, Sun Silph, Tasoma, Ueymag, and Yao Shrub Decorations
Duviri Bush, Duviri Fern (Gold), Duviri Flowers (Patch), Duviri Flowers (Row), Duviri Amaryllis, Duviri Flowers (Fern), Duviri Ferns (Green), Duviri Shrub, Duviri Conifer Saplings, Duviri Polypores, Duviri Artichokes, Duviri Candleholder Bonsai and Silphsela Seed Pod
Velimir in Höllvania Central Mall:
Experimental Arc-Relay Reserve Decoration, Efervon Sample Stockpile, Höllvanian Pitchweave Tarps, Proto-Infested Clump, and Techrot Motherboard Cluster Decorations 
Potted Plant (Tall, Black Pot), Potted Plant (Short, White Pot), Planter (Indoor, Small) and Planter (Wooden)
Bird 3 in the Sanctum Anatomica:
Murmur Sarcophage Decoration
Grandmother in the Necralisk:
Vitrific Outcrop Decoration and Orokin Tree Planter
Hombask in the Chrysalith
Zariman Flowers Zariman Planter (Hanging), Zariman Planter (High-Rise, Small), Zariman Planter (Straight), Zariman Planter (Wall Mounted)
Added "Display Mode" option to launcher - choose from Windowed, Borderless and Fullscreen. 
Select the cog icon in the top right of the launcher > select dropdown under the "Display Mode" option in settings > click "Ok" > Play to launch the game in that display mode.
Added the Community Customizations from Prime Time episodes 447 and 448 for Yareli, Gara, Grendel, Dante, Hildryn and Atlas.
Added a New Player launcher that'll appear upon first downloading the game that gives a more informative introduction to the game.
The launcher will revert to default with the latest update information after opening the game for the first time. 
We're continuing our exploration of adding Mandarin Voice Over to Warframe, with the addition of Darvo's lines. Players on the Simplified Chinese Client will automatically have Mandarin voice over enabled. Players on the Simplified Chinese Client can swap between Mandarin and English Voice Over in the Audio Language settings of the launcher.
To avoid confusion (especially new players), we've added cross-references between the voiceover lines and the Global build's Simplified Chinese translation in some of Darvo's Simplified Chinese subtitles. Subtitles are displayed as follows: the spoken voiceover appears outside the brackets, while the Global build's Simplified Chinese translation appears inside the brackets.

### Changes
Updated the Mods & Upgrades screens to improve layout, make them more new player friendly and make them more consistent with other UI screens. 
Upgrades screen specific changes: 
Your selected UI Background now applies to the Upgrades screen. 
Adjusted the spacing of the Search bar, category tabs and sorting drop-down menu evenly. 
Added Forma icon next to Forma count to better identify how many have been installed. 
Moved the equipment name, focus icon and Forma count header to the left of the screen and updated the font. 
Added VFX flair to the Damage type icons in the Upgrades stat window when equipping Mods with associated types. 
Made small visual tweaks to the Parazon Upgrade screen to better center the Mod slots on the screen.
Mods screen specific changes: 
Updated all of the Fusion, Transmute, Sell, Dissolve and Ayatan Treasures icons and text to better indicate what each option does. 
Your select UI Theme now applies to the Mods screen. 
Moved the Total, Duplicates and Riven Capacity counts to the center of the screen for better visibility on your Mod inventory status. 
Increased the opacity of the Mod dissolving window so that it is easier to read. 
Both: 
Added visuals to the tips pop-up window to better explain the help tips. 
Changed the Mods rewarded for completing the Phobos Junction from Thief's Wit and Fast Hands to Flow and Intensify. 
Since Thief's Wit and Fast Hands are common Mods and likely to be collected prior to reaching this Junction, we replaced them with the rare mods Flow and Intensify as a more rewarding option. 
If you have already completed the Phobos Junction, Flow and Intensify will be sent to you via Inbox upon login. 
Vor's Prize changes:
The Mod Segment portion of the Vor's Prize Quest has been removed, as it is now covered more extensively in The Teacher. 
Removed Mod drops from Vor's Prize. With the focus on Modding in The Teacher, we want players to interact with that system through the tutorial. 
Changed the first task of the Venus Junction from completing Vor's Prize to The Teacher quest. 
Retired the following Essential Mod bundles from the in-game Market. They were introduced in Update 25: The Jovian Concord as a way to help new players get started and familiar with modding in Warframe by offering category specific Mods. Now that we have The Teacher, we feel they are no longer needed as the Quest meets those needs. 
Essential Base Damage Mod Bundle
Essential Critical Chance Mod Bundle
Essential Cold Damage Mod Bundle
Essential Toxin Damage Mod Bundle
Essential Electricity Damage Mod Bundle
Essential Heat Damage Mod Bundle
New Augment Mods for Lavos, Xaku, Styanax, and Gyre are available to acquire from the Faction Syndicates!
Stats below shown at Max Rank.
Transmutation Probe Augment: Probe returns to Lavos after reaching max range and remains nearby for 15s. Recall Probe by recasting. Recast again to end.
Available in New Loka and Red Veil offerings.
The Vast Untime Augment: Creates a Rift that connects to enemies suffering from Void Status Effect within 15m, doubling debuffs applied by The Vast Untime and maintaining Void Status.
Available in Cephalon Suda and Steel Meridian offerings.
Tharros Strike Augment: Increases Critical Damage by 100% on enemies you hit. Critical Damage bonus is doubled for Spearguns.
Available in Arbiters of Hexis and New Loka offerings.
Rotorswell Augment: 35% of damage received is redirected toward the instigator as Electricity Damage.
Available in Arbiters of Hexis and The Perrin Sequence offerings.
and hands in an open grasp. To the right is the Voruna Kuvael Drahkaanis Skin in black and red, posed with her right hand with palm facing camera and claws curled. The Citrine Celeste Skin is to the left of Dagath, in red, white and glowing blue, also posed with her right hand lifted. The Warframes are framed with a blueprint-like texture, with the TennoGen icon in the bottom right corner.
Warframe Community artists have brought you a brand new collection of TennoGen items!
A unique skin for the Dagath Warframe, designed by blazingcobalt.
A unique helmet for the Dagath Warframe, designed by kakarrot2812.
A unique skin for the Voruna Warframe, designed by Erneix.
A unique helmet for the Qorvex Warframe, designed by Lubox and Noxxr.
A unique skin for the Citrine Warframe, designed by malaya, Awk'Q-Luz, and Jadie.
A Syandana for your Warframe, designed by malaya, Awk'Q-Luz, and Jadie.
Damage Attenuation is one of the tools we use to normalize the difficulty of boss-type enemies between groups of players, and its implementation has been a hot topic in the community for a while now. While meant to balance out high-powered builds, Attenuation could sometimes lead to paltry damage numbers — great to make an enemy hard to kill, but not necessarily fun for the player.
A few key terms to familiarize yourself with as we move forward:
This is because Damage Attenuation applied to the Legacyte is a flat value, regardless of its health pool. At Normal Path levels, these values can feel reasonable, but once Steel Path or even Temporal Archimedea modifiers apply, that's where the "bullet sponge" allegations begin. At certain points, Damage Attenuation became less of a tool to balance out powerful player builds, and more so acted as a time gate to kill high-health enemies.
A careful touch is needed to embrace the power fantasy of Warframe while also ensuring high level content is not completely trivialized. In the current iteration of Damage Attenuation, we have not accomplished that goal to our satisfaction — simply put, it has created gameplay interactions that are unfun. So, the following changes are being made to address it:
Firstly, Damage Attenuation values are now proportional to Max Health.
Secondly, Damage Attenuation's MDPS now applies independently between players.
If we go back to the Legacyte example from earlier, players should notice a distinct difference in how Damage Attenuation applies to this enemy in both Steel Path and Temporal Archimedea missions.
Instead of the MDPS and MDPI using the same values of Normal Path Legacytes, the amount of damage players can deal per second and per instance now scales based on the enemy's Max Health*.
As Max Health increases with enemy level and mission modifiers, so will the maximum damage caps from Damage Attenuation.
The result is a higher damage output from players, and a more reasonable time-to-kill! Players who invested much time and effort into their builds should feel more rewarded for their work, especially against high-level enemies with Damage Attenuation.
* Max Health for this calculation only uses the Health value. Overguard, Shield, and Armor values are not considered.
Previously, the Maximum Damage per Second (MDPS) cap in Damage Attenuation would apply squad-wide. If you have a teammate blasting their 6-forma Incarnon Form Laetum at an Archon, there's a good chance they consistently hit those pillows before you have an opportunity to aim your gun.
To recap our Damage Attenuation changes, a) the damage caps now scale proportionately to the enemy's max health, and b) no longer apply squad-wide. Now, let's move on to how we are standardizing it.
Damage Attenuation is just one method that we use to balance player power against Boss-type enemies. Depending on whether you fight an Eidolon, a Kuva Lich, or an Archon, your damage output will be affected in different ways. These differences are often the legacy of the many hands that have worked to make Warframe over the years — decisions for new content in 2018 can eventually result in gameplay quirks that players learn to adapt to in 2025.
Actual MDPI and MDPS values will be balanced around the content type, but enemies from Liches to Void Angels to Legacytes now all share the same attenuation mechanic. For those familiar with Archon Hunts, our new standard model is based around the Damage Attenuation in those missions.
As mentioned earlier, we are increasing Base Health* values to balance the time-to-kill for these foes. While larger health pools may increase difficulty, they also increase the Damage Attenuation caps since they now scale with max health. Our hope is that players will hit harder and their weapons will feel more satisfying, while also ensuring enemies have a reasonable time-to-kill (on both ends: avoiding one-shots, but also avoiding time-gated slogs).
Acolytes
Base Health: 5,500 (was 550)
Base Shields: 2,500 (was: 1,000)
Adversaries (Kuva Lich, Sisters of Parvos, and Techocyte Coda, including Railjack Crew)
Since Liches and Sisters have increasing health scaling as they rank up, we have not increased their Base Health, but rather increased the health multipliers per level and per rank. 
Amalgams 
Archons (Boreal, Amar, and Nira)
Deimos Jugulus
Deimos Saxum (and Saxum Rex)
Base Health: 750 (was 550)
Demolishers (including Necramechs)
Necramech Demolisher Base Health: 4,500 (was 3,000)
Juggernaut Demolisher Base Health: 1,000 (was 3,000)
Steel Path base health bonus: 2,000
Eidolons (Teralyst, Gantulyst, and Hydrolyst)
Teralyst:
Body Base Health: 50,000 (was 9,000)
Radiator Base Health: 25,000 (was 2,200)
Base Shields: 50,000 (was 1,500)
Gantulyst:
Body Base Health: 55,000 (was 10,000)
Radiator Base Health: 25,000 (was 2,200)
Base Shields: 60,000 (was 1,800)
Hydrolyst:
Body Base Health: 65,000 (was 12,000)
Radiator Base Health: 25,000 (was 2,200)
Base Shields: 70,000 (was 2,000)
NOTE: This is a dramatic change from the existing damage reduction mechanics applied to Eidolons. We are taking care to ensure their time-to-kill is not disrupted, but players may see a change in the meta when killing them. Eidolon hunters, please let us know your feedback once you've played around with the changes. 
Empyrean Units (Corpus Proxima):
Aurax Actinic
Base Health: 1,500 (was 1,000)
Base Shields: 750 (was 500)
Aurax Baculus
Base Health: 300 (was 150)
Base Shields: 750 (was 500)
Aurax Vertec
Base Health: 1,500 (was 1,000)
Base Shields: 750 (was 500)
Numon (all variants)
Base Health: 750 (was 500)
Base Shields: 450 (was 300)
Vambac (all variants)
Base Health: 750 (was 500) 
Base Shields: 450 (was 300)
Zerca (all variants)
Base Health: 750 (was 500)
Base Shields: 450 (was 300)
Errant Specters
Gruzzling
Infested Oni
Juggernaut (all variants)
Juggernaut:
Base Health: 900 (was 2,700)
Steel Path base health bonus: 1,800
Juggernaut Behemoth:
Base Health: 1,500 (was 4,500)
Steel Path base health bonus: 3,000
Kuva Lich Thralls
Legacyte
Base Health: Unchanged
Steel Path / Temporal Archimedea base health bonus: 7,500
Lephantis (and Hemocyte)
Hemocyte Base Health: 5,000 (was 3,300)
Lephantis:
Head Base Health: 900 (was 1,200)
Body Base Health: 3,000 (was 1,200)
Mocking Whispers
Necramite
Oraxia (Isleweaver stage)
Protea (The Deadlock Protocol quest)
Rogue Necramechs (Voidrig and Bonewidow)
Base Health: 7,500 (was 3,800)
Limb Base Health: 600 (was 300)
Scaldra Dedicant
Base Health: 2,000 (was 1,550)
Sister of Parvos Hounds
Technocyte Coda Duets
Techrot Babao
Base Health: 1,500 (was 1,000)
The Fragmented (all variants)
Base Health: Unchanged
Steel Path / Deep Archimedea base health bonus: 150,000
Treasurer 
Base Health: 2,500 (was 100)
Tusk Thumpers (all variants, including Narmer)
Tusk Thumper:
Base Health: 9,000 (was 3,000)
Tusk Thumper Bull:
Base Health: 12,000 (was 4,000)
Tusk Thumper Doma:
Base Health: 15,000 (was 5,000)
Thumper Plate Base Health: 500 (was 50)
Void Angel (and Archimedia Revival variant)
Archimedia Revival Angel Base Health: 25,000 (was 12,000)
Zealoid Prelate
Base Health: 9,000 (was 7,500)
Stalker has also received some health changes as part of our enemy review, but rest assured Stalker (and his variants) do not use the new Damage Attenuation.
Stalker: 
Base Health: 750 (was 550)
Shadow Stalker:
Base Health: 950 (was 750)
Protector Stalker:
Base Health: 1,100 (was 750)
Base Shields: 500 (was 200), plus 2,000 Overshields
Unchanged.
Smite's Helminth Ability is altered with reduced maximum Strength.
Hallowed Ground is a useful tool in Oberon's kit, but needed a general quality of life pass — namely to improve its overall modding flexibility and bring it up to 2025 gameplay standards.
Hallowed Ground is now a full circle. 
Ability Range increases its radius instead of the arc!
Also increased the height of Hallowed Ground to affect both flying enemies and double-jumping allies alike. 
Due to the increased size of Hallowed Ground, we reduced the maximum number of Hallowed Ground from 4 to 3. 
Nullifiers no longer destroy Hallowed Ground. 
Instead, their bubbles simply Nullify its effects for anyone inside it.
Radiation Damage from Hallowed Ground now gives guaranteed Radiation Status Effects (previously was a 15% chance at max rank).
Renewal healing is doubled while standing on Hallowed Ground.
The Iron Renewal armor buff no longer requires interaction with Hallowed Ground. See the Renewal Changes below for more information!
Removed the Armor Stripping from enemies that survive Reckoning, as that mechanic is now being added to Reckoning itself. 
See the Reckoning Changes below for more information!
The Status Effect cleansing and immunity is unchanged for Oberon and his Allies.
Increased Hallowed Ground Duration from +100% to +200%.
Renewal is often compared to Wisp's Reservoirs, in that the latter heals more for less energy. The goal of our changes to this ability are to amplify and simplify Renewal's effects to offer more impact.
Reduced the cooldown from 90s to 60s.
Reckoning is a visually impressive ability, but unfortunately lacks the actual power expected of an ultimate. With his rework, we are increasing the overall damage output and are changing some of the ability synergies to now be basekit.
The bonus armor granted from Hallowed Reckoning patches now has a grace period; the buff will remain active for 3s after leaving the radius. 
Reduced the VFX of the patches that spawn on the ground, as they could be visually overwhelming.
The Grineer Asteroid Tileset and Relays have received a lighting refresh to use the GI Lighting System!
New lighting palette to emphasise key environmental elements.
Relighting to achieve better pathing and a moodier atmosphere.
Removed old dynamic exposure.
Completely overhauled the post processing so it now runs on an ACES Workflow.
Updated materials to be more PBR compliant. 
Replaced existing fog with Volumetric Fog.
Before:
After:
Relays and their Syndicate Rooms have been relit with GI Volumes
All Syndicate Rooms have their own unique lighting design and post-process grading
Before:
After:
Note: we are aware that GI lighting can have performance concerns for lesser-powered systems, but rest assured our goal is to have as little performance impact as possible with these changes.
Earlier in 2025, we unintentionally released a change where the Screen Shake toggle would also remove the screen movement tied to weapon recoil.
For much of Warframe's history, this toggle would remove Screen Shake, but retain screen movement tied to Weapon Recoil — i.e. depending on the weapon you were firing, the screen would jiggle to mirror the recoil.
Upon reverting this change a month later, we started receiving feedback that this screen jiggle was causing players to experience motion sickness.
Removed screen movement when firing guns.
Added a diamond to the Reticle, which will be representative of Gun Recoil patterns.
The original reticle dot will remain stationary
The new diamond will move to indicate recoil patterns when the gun is being fired
Reticle.mp4Unavailable
Video Description: Wukong in the Orb Vallis is shooting the Sybaris Prime as he aims down sight. The screen doesn't shake when he shoots, but a small diamond in the reticle jumps up in time with his shots to mirror the gun's recoil. Wukong then swaps to the Dual Coda Torxica and illustrates a similar effect with that weapon.
Tenno who keep their screenshake enabled in Accessibility Options may notice slight adjustments to the intensity of screenshake on some weapons. With our review of Screenshake, we felt that the following weapons had too strong of a recoil effect, so we have reduced screenshake for the following:
Titania's Dex Pixia
Phantasma
MK-1 Braton
Twin Grakatas 
Pyrana
Trumna
Gorgon
Laetum
Dual Cestra
Buzlok
Bubonico
Larkspur
Changed how the following Warframe's Abilities interact with Nullifier bubbles.
Players can now preview Research Items in the Dojo before committing to researching them. 
Players can now cycle through tabs in the Codex using the same shortcut inputs as similar screens (Arsenal, Void Relics, etc.).
Additionally, Keyboard and Mouse users can now use "." to open the Loadout Selection screen in the Arsenal, and "," to open the Conclave Arsenal. 
Moved the "Show Advanced Controls" toggle beside the "Select Scene" button in Captura to increase its visibility.
Improved legibility of text on Open Landscape advanced maps. 
Added a "Customize Left/Right Separately" toggle in Attachments options. 
Enabled: Equip different attachments on the left/right sides.
Disabled: Equip the same attachment on both sides by selecting it once.
Adjusted Red Text's red color to have a higher contrast so that it can be more color blind accessible. 
Refining Relics during an endless Void Fissure mission will now automatically equip them.
Reduced the number of underground tiles that spawn in Scaldra Exterminate and Hell-Scrub missions.
These tiles have guaranteed Techrot spawns — fun for flavor, but this inadvertently impacted those trying to complete Scaldra-related 1999 Calendar tasks. 
Doubled the number of colors players can favorite, from 25 to 50!
Added a "Actionable" filter to Dojo Research labs screens that sorts by ready to Replicate/Research. 
Added social options (i.e., Add Friend, Invite To Clan) when hovering over a player's name at the end of a mission.
Added the ability to sort the Foundry by "Unowned". 
Unused Extractors will now be displayed in the "Select Extractors to Redeploy" menu.
Added Blueprint Credit cost to the Arsenal and Market UI. 
If an item you do not own has a Blueprint that can be purchased in the Market, you will now see the cost of it next to the Platinum cost.
Added a "Welcome to the Market" pop-up the first time a new player interacts with the Market Segment to explain Credit and Platinum purchases and how they differentiate. 
Reduced the Syndicate Standing costs of various Decorations from Vendors across the Star Chart.
The majority of these decorations were rarely purchased due to their steep Standing prices. Since these items are (mostly) decorative, we've reduced their cost as follows: 
Old Man Suumbaat's and Quill Onkko's decoration prices reduced up to ~80%. 
Cephalon Simaris' decoration prices reduced up to ~75%.
Hombask's decoration prices reduced up to ~50%. 
To celebrate the newly-reduced prices, players can earn 30 Syndicate Medallions from a special Alert on Earth running from 11am ET on October 20 to 11am ET on October 27th.
Drifters can now equip Signas!
Go to Drifter Appearance settings > Clothing > Attachments > Signa > Select the Signa to equip and adjust the Y Offset to your liking. 
Due to issues with the Signa setup on Operators, this setting for them will be coming in our next cert update. 
The Heart of Deimos and Prelude to War Quests are now replayable! 
Go to your Codex > Quests > Main Quests > Select Quest > Select the "Replay Quest" button in the bottom right. 
The following Arcane Collections are now available for Vosfor in Loid's Arcane Dissolution: 
Cavia Arcane Collection (includes the Cavia and Ascension Arcanes) 
Melee Fortification 
Melee Retaliation 
Arcane Battery 
Arcane Ice Storm 
Secondary Fortifier 
Secondary Surge
Melee Afflictions 
Melee Animosity 
Melee Exposure 
Melee Influence
Melee Vortex
Melee Crescendo 
Melee Duplicate 
Hӧllvania Arcane Collection (includes the Hex and Temporal Archimedea Arcanes) 
Arcane Bellicose 
Arcane Camisado 
Arcane Crepuscular 
Arcane Impetus 
Arcane Truculence 
Arcane Escapist 
Arcane Hot Shot 
Arcane Universal Fallout 
Made the following improvements to the end of mission screen for Intrinsics, Focus and Syndicates:
Added a gauge showing progress towards the next Intrinsic/Syndicate Rank. 
Added total number of "owned" Intrinsic points. 
Affinity gain towards Intrinsic points has also been reformatted
instead of displaying "600/1000" > "629/1000", it will now reads as "+2.9"
Added total amount of Focus for equipped Focus School and the amount of Affinity that was earned towards that school. 
Also added gauge to show progress towards your daily cap. 
Added color to the Syndicate Rank icon to display the state of your reputation with them (green = positive, yellow = neutral, red = negative). 
Also reformatted the "reputation gained" in mission to show a green/red arrow instead of "+/-". 
Added "current reputation/max reputation" for a Syndicate rank. 
Updated the "Kill Shot" Nightwave Act icon to match the "Not a Warning Shot" icon.
Removed mention of Onkko in Cetus dialogue and menus if players have not yet completed the Saya's Vigil quest.
Vazarin's Void Snare no longer pulls enemies affected by Entangle, Condemn, Gaze or Stasis.
Changed the default master volume on PC from 100% to 75%.
Xaku's Vast Untime slow is now capped at 95% to prevent it breaking enemy behaviour.
Made changes to Ivara's Piercing Navigator Augment:
Critical Chance is now additive.
At Max Rank: now gains +50% Critical Chance per enemy to a cap of +250% (from 50%).
Fixed the buff indicator in the HUD not properly displaying the bonus Critical Chance value. 
Before, it was doing some unnecessary math that often led to player confusion, especially when modded for high Critical Chance. 
Added voice lines to Baro Ki'Teer when opening a Void Surplus.
Also added VFX pulse to the "Purchase Limit Reached" text on Void Surplus to make it clear that players can't purchase any more.
Bounties started in Open Landscapes (Plains of Eidolon's radio consoles, Orb Vallis' Solaris Agent, Mother in the Cambion Drift) will now pick new encounters at each stage after completing them. 
In other words, playing the same Bounty back to back will now have different stages from one another to offer up more variety for players. 
Companions now share their Warframe's (and Operator's) invisibility status. 
This was applied inconsistently across Abilities, so we have standardized the expected behaviour. 
Improved visual UI responsiveness while interacting with World Panel items.
Made improvements to the neck fit of the Tauron Prime Regalia.
This also fixes the male Drifter agile animations no longer causing clipping. 
Mods received via Inbox Message will now properly display their rank.
Players who are ineligible for rotation rewards due to AFK penalties will now see an "Ineligible for Reward" icon in the Leave/Continue screen. 
The following Abilities are now affected by Casting Speed:
Ember's Fireball
Frost's Freeze
Gara's Shattered Lash
Khora's Whipclaw
Limbo's Banish
Nova's Antimatter Drop
Volt's Shock
Improved idle animation transitions. Improved weapon position in landing animations. 
Added Software Licenses to the System Settings for easier access.
Improved search order priority in the Market to address cases of less-popular items appearing at the top of search terms. 
Ex: Searching for "F" would show Afentis first, when players were more likely to be looking for a Forma Bundle.
Polished Wise Razor's animations following player feedback:
Improved initial attack visually and functionally. Now it's quicker to hit and includes forward motion.
Removed hitch on the last attack, allowing for a seamless animation loop.
Changed the "Catastrophic Failure Imminent" text in Tactical Menu when Railjack enters failure state (0 HP) to "Failure Imminent" to fix text breaking past UI window.
Added the "[ALT FIRE] to Zoom" UI hint when aiming with the Vadarya Prime.
Ore spawn chance now has a minimum 10% chance to spawn when you have a Resource Booster active during a Steel Path Plains of Eidolon mission.
This change comes from player reports of confusion around why no Ore was spawning in that scenario. While the Booster was technically doing the boost math correctly, it was causing a -% chance for Ore. 
Changed the Dark Dagger's Stance Polarity from Unariu Polarity to Madurai, as none of the Dagger Stances used its original Polarity. 
Increased the contrast of the new item indicator tag in the Arsenal UI. 
Changed the number of Legacytes needed to capture in two most difficult tiers of Legacyte Harvest Höllvania Bounties (including Antivirus and Steel Path) from 4/5 to 3/3.
The "Hostile Regeneration" Risk Variable in Elite Temporal Archimedea no longer affects the H-09 Efervon Tank. 
When the "Thermian Plating" Deviation was active in combination with this Risk Variable, the fight became too difficult. 
Increased Baro's "leaving soon" transmission to 10 hours instead of 10 minutes. That guy wasn't giving you much of a heads up now was he?
Reduced Valkyr's Armor and Health in Conclave. We received feedback from players that after her rework she was a bit too strong in Conclave, so we've made the following changes to bring her back to her pre-rework Health and Armor stats:
Valkyr:
Armor reduced from 240 to 155
Health reduced from 349 to 312 
Valkyr Prime:
Armor reduced from 265 to 180 
Health reduced from 360 to 323
Removed the Vehicles tab from the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed Valkyr's Rage meter charging from meleeing the Fortress Scanners in the Kuva Fortress Conclave missions. 
Fixed Khora's Whipclaw overlapping the Arcata in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed invisible enemy Warframes in Conclave's Annihilation game mode.
Fixed Sniper Rifles benefitting from shot combo bonuses in Conclave.
Optimized game startup particularly for systems that have not optimized cache. 
Optimized game load time and memory usage out of missions. 
Made micro-optimizations to the Vox Solaris and Duviri Paradox Quest missions. 
Made several systemic optimizations to save memory on all platforms.
Optimized out a hitch that would occur in the game intro level every time the progress was saved. 
Fixed 1 frame of input lag when interacting with UI.
Fixed spotloading when selecting to contribute to Visitor Research in the Bash Lab. 
Fixed performance issues caused by The Fragmented burrow ability in the Isleweaver node. 
Fixed performance issues caused by quickly swapping between Gemini skins. 
Fixed performance issues when attempting the 'Good Ending' of The Hex Finale after previously playing the "Bad Ending."
Fixed performance issues caused by typing/scrolling in the Dojo decoration list.
Fixed a hitch when viewing individual Visage Inks in the Market. 
Made several optimizations to collision in the Venus Narmer and Duviri Paradox levels. 
Fixed Specters left by disconnected clients resulting in large amounts of spot-loading for remaining squad members.
Fixed performance issues caused by Ratels in the Mastery Rank 18 test. 
Fixed small hitches caused by spot loading into Höllvania missions from the Central Mall.

### Fixes
The Narmer invasion of the Orb Vallis sent Nef Anyo scurrying deep below the surface, abandoning Fortuna to the veiled.
With his pitiful pride wounded, he is hellbent on rebuilding his palace of prosperity in the Deepmines.
But a thriving fungal colony has made his stay there less than desirable, and we all know mister big Credits pants won't stand for it much longer.
The mines are now riddled with an anti-fungal Corpus task force, looking to mow down its fauna and flora.
Return to Fortuna to put a stop to Nef's crimini-al activities.
There is so mush packed into this update that you can read more about in their dedicated sections, including The Teacher Quest, New Warframe Augment Mods, TennoGen Undermind, Lavos Khymia Collection, Wukong Qitian Collection, Oberon Rework, tons of Quality of Life changes, and so so so so much more!
Update 40 is a Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Update 39.1: Caliban Prime is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the dedicated The Vallis Undermind subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
PC Direct X11: ~5.06 GB
PC Direct X12: ~6.27 GB
The large download size is due to a remaster of meshes for improved LOD (level of detail)
this remaster touches on virtually every file in the game, which accounts for the large download.
We highly encourage you to read the entirety of The Vallis Undermind patch notes to learn the nitty gritty that's been wrapped into this update! But if you are looking for something in specific, simply CTRL+F the following keywords to jump to its dedicated section in the spoilers below:
Reveal hidden contents
New in Fortuna
The Airlock
Nightcap 
Field Guide 
New Wares 
Nightcap's Nursery 
The Prince 
Deepmines Bounties & Tileset 
New Deepmines Tileset
New Corpus Sub-Faction 
New Resource: Fergolyte 
New Somachords 
Deepmines Bounties
How to Access
How to Play
Bounty Rewards 
New Warframe: Nokko 
New Archgun: Arbucep 
New Adapter: Archgun Arcane Adapter 
New Tutorial Quest: The Teacher 
New Warframe Augment Mods 
TennoGen Undermind 
Market Additions
Nokko Bundle 
Sprodling Floof 
Lavos Khymia Collection 
Wukong Qitian Collection 
East to West Bundle 
Community Art Pack IV 
Additions 
Damage Attenuation Changes 
Damage Attenuation Scaling 
Standardizing Damage Attenuation 
Oberon Rework 
Grineer Asteroid and Relay Relight 
Screen Shake and Recoil Changes 
Nullifier Bubble Interaction Changes
Quality of Life Changes
General Changes
Performance & Optimizations 
Fixes
Nightcap is your access point to the many new features in this update; Deepmines Bounties, New Wares, Field Guide and his Nursery!
Welcome to the Mushroom patch, Tenno. The Field Guide is your ride learning about the essence of The Vallis Undermind's mystifying Mushrooms. When diving into the Deepmines, players will encounter hidden Mushroom patches that grant in-mission buffs and out-of-mission progress towards Nightcap's Field Guide!
The Field Guide allows you to research found Mushrooms.
Speak to Nightcap to access the Field Guide dialogue option and see 16 different Mushrooms awaiting discovery:
Nonono
Violet's Bane
Muck Bonnet
Vomval Trumpet
Devil's Cap 
Gamma Berry
Thorn Tooth 
Dull Button
Ferrofungus
Ironwood 
Blister Stalk 
Reeking Puffball
Thunder-Button
Borica 
Winter Spear
Spring Popper
After acquiring Mushroom samples found in the Deepmines from Mushroom patches, players can then analyze their Mushrooms in Nightcap's Field Guide. Each Mushroom sample analyzed unlocks three data entries on the type.
Depending on the rarity of the Mushroom species, the samples required to fully complete a journal entry (3/3) varies and increases each time you unveil a data entry. You can acquire Mushroom samples by interacting with up to four different Mushroom patches in the Deepmines Bounties.
By completing Deepmine Bounty bonus objectives, players can earn additional Mushroom samples — one for each bonus objective completed. Read more in the "Deepmines Bounties & Tileset" section.
Once you've fully analyzed a Mushroom in your Field Guide, you can compost extra Mushrooms into Fergolyte! The Prince is quite hungry, after all.
There are different requirements to unlocking each Rank:
Rank 1 (Unknowing): 1 Mushroom 
Rank 2 (Curious): 2 Mushrooms
Rank 3 (Seeker): 6 Mushrooms 
Rank 4 (Gardener): 12 Mushrooms 
Rank 5 (Steward): 16 Mushrooms
For details on what items are unlocked at each rank in the "New Wares" section!
Note: Items that have weekly purchase restrictions reset weekly every Sunday midnight UTC.
Rank 0: Neutral
The following Deepmines Mushrooms (learn more in "Field Guide" section): 
Dull Button
Ironwood
Thorn Tooth 
Devil's Cap
Rank 1: Unknowing
The following Deepmines Mushrooms:
Winter Spear
Thunder-Button
Blister Stalk
Muck Bonnet
Rank 2: Curious 
New Posters:
Roots N' Fruits Poster
Grace your walls with frolicking Sprodlings. 
Onemind Poster
A poster depicting Nokko and his connection to all life. 
Shooms Poster
Hang this poster on your wall to honor the unsung heroes of the Deepmines. 
New K-Drive Scrawls:
Roots N' Fruits 
Onemind 
Shooms 
The following Deepmines Mushrooms:
Borica
Spring Popper
Reeking Puffball 
Ferrofungus 
Gamma Berry
Violet's Bane
Nonono
Vomval Trumpet
Rank 3: Seeker
Arbucep Main & Component Blueprints 
Archgun Arcane Adapter 
A new Adapter with this update! Fuses with an Archgun weapon to unlock one of its two available Arcane Slots. Learn more in the "New Adapter: Archgun Arcane Adapter" dedicated section.
Arcanes
Primary Frostbite
Primary Blight
Conjunction Voltage
Secondary Encumber
Secondary Fortifier 
Vapor Specter x 10 Blueprint (can be purchased once a week) 
Ayatan Zambuka Sculpture (can be purchased once a week) 
7,000 x Kuva (can purchase 6x a week) 
Rank 4: Gardener 
Nokko Main & Component Blueprints 
Rank 5: Steward
Rizoma Ephemera 
Everything is connected. Spores linger in your footsteps with this ephemera, evoking the underground web of life. 
New Captura Scenes:
Deepmines Caves Scene 
Deepmines Scene 
Deepmines Lab Scene
Deepmines Forward Base Scene
Deepmines Nutrient Plant Scene
Trade in Fergolyte at Nightcap for new garden and flora themed Decorations, harvested from across the Origin System. From ferns to Dragonlillies, Threshcones, trees, ivy, planters, flower pots, and more! There are 60 decorations growing in Nightcap's Nursery to collect. So we can bring the grass we don't touch outside... inside!
Open your mind; see the visions and the story of Nokko through one mushroom: The Prince.
It's a journey, after all. As you experience the story and memories of Nokko and Nightcap, violet Mushrooms stalks and misty-fogs guide your path through The Vallis Undermind's narrative.
Feeding The Prince is a process—with three Stem Paths (i.e., narrated visions) you'll have to provide The Prince an escalating amount of Fergolyte per stage as he grows big and strong, culminating to 120 Fergolyte total.
20 Fergolyte to unlock The Purple Stem Path
40 Fergolyte to unlock The Blue Stem Path
60 Fergolyte to unlock The Green Stem Path
Once The Prince is satiated, interact with him and select the Stem Path you wish to walk. You'll have to experience the most recently unlocked Stem Path before you're able to feed The Prince again.
Players can replay the visions they've unlocked! Once you've seen all the visions, players can experience the story from start to finish at your Sprodlings whim.
Something cheeky may also reveal itself after you complete all the Paths...
Delve into a brand new tileset below the Orb Vallis! The conditions of the Deepmines are just right for mushroom colonies to flourish and emit their warm glow amidst the rock and cold clinical presence of the Corpus. These mines link up with the underground network below the Orb Vallis, such as the Corpus labs.
Speaking of Sprodlings... those cheeky little friends are great at playing hide and seek in the crevices and corners of the Deepmines - find them for a special surprise.
The Deepmines are crawling with Nef Anyo's hand picked Scrofa Corpus units assigned to them
scan them to unveil their details in the Codex!
Scrofa Crewman 
Scrofa Elite Crewman
Scrofa Plasmor Crewman 
Scofa Grenadier Crewman
Scrofa Mite Raknoid
Scrofa Latro Raknoid
Scrofa Lythrum Raknoid
Scrofa Joro Raknoid 
Scrofa Disc Moa 
Scrofa Decoy Moa
Scrofa Railgun Moa 
Scrofa Shockwave Moa
Scrofa Drover Bursa
Scrofa Mine Osprey
Scrofa Attack Drone 
Scrofa Shield Osprey 
Scrofa Heavy Trencher
Scrofa Light Trencher 
Scrofa Obviator 
Scrofa Armaments Director 
Scrofa Demolition Director 
Scrofa Strike Director 
Scrofa Energy Chief 
Scrofa Research Chief
Scrofa Legionary 
Scrofa Sniper Ranger
This highly reactive mineral deposit is found in the Deepmines. It is used for the following:
Used to make The Prince grow 
Used to purchase wares from Nightcap
Used to purchase new plant-themed decorations from Nightcap's Nursery
Deepmines Bounty drop table reward
Composting fully analyzed mushrooms in Nightcap's Field Guide
Throughout the Deepmines there are Somachord Tones to be found! Scan to unlock three new Somachord songs:
The Circle 
Roots' n Fruits
Life in Decay
Complete The New War Quest
Enter The Airlock in Fortuna and speak to Nightcap, your Deepmines Bounty giver. You can also fast travel to him from the pause menu once you have spoken to him.
Once a Bounty has been selected from either Nightcap or the Sprodling, navigate to the elevator in Fortuna to begin your descent into the Deepmines. If started from Nightcap, a fast travel purple portal will appear in The Airlock to take you to the elevator doors.
The Deepmines Bounties consist of three jobs that are unlocked by completing them in the following order. Each Bounty has level 30-40 enemies and once unlocked, they can be played freely:
Each Bounty requires the completion of stages of randomized missions, which can consist of any of the following:
Scrofa Drone Defense
Mushroom Capture
Find & Open Supply Crate
Find & Revive Sprodlings 
Exterminate 
Area Defense
Assassinate the Scrofa
Sabotage 
Rescue
Deepmines Bounties are different from others, in that completing a bonus objective each stage will reward you with an additional randomized Mushroom instead of an additional roll from the drop table. For that reason, a common, uncommon and rare reward from the drop table is always guaranteed on Bounty completion.
The bonus Mushrooms are collected before entering the elevator doors to return to Fortuna, they'll be waypointed for you to walk over and collect.
Once all stages have been cleared, a purple portal will become available to take you back to the elevator where you can return to Fortuna.
Harvesting mushrooms in the Deepmines Bounties grants players unique mid-mission effects, including a buff and certain prank by our "Funguy." Harvesting is also integral to progressing your Field Guide, so be sure to refer to that section on analyzing acquired Mushroom samples!
Players can find four Mushroom pick-ups as they explore the Deepmines, with them sprouting up depending on your Bounty.
Two Mushroom patches in the Colony
Two Mushroom patches in your Bounty wing
For example, if you're doing a Bounty in the Lab, then those two patches spawn in that zone!
Steel Path boasts one extra Mushroom patch in the Bounty area.
After completing the Bounty, Mushroom pick-ups will become visible on the map.
By interacting with a Mushroom pick-up, you'll receive a damage buff, alongside a "silly" debuff—as if Nokko is playing a prank! Each effect lasts 90 seconds, and each Mushroom pick-up can be found in the different wings of The Deepmines:
Completing Deepmines Bounties has a chance to reward the following items:
Nokko Main & Component Blueprints 
Arbucep Main & Component Blueprints 
Archgun Arcane Adapter (Steel Path) 
Arcanes:
Primary Frostbite
Primary Blight
Conjunction Voltage
Secondary Encumber
Secondary Fortifier
1,000/2,000 Endo (3,500/4,000 on Steel Path) 
2
3x 1,000 Credits Cache (5-8x on Steel Path) 
11-15 Fergolyte (15-19 on Steel Path)
If you are unsuccessful in receiving the Nokko & Arbucep Blueprints and/or Archgun Arcane Adapter from the drop tables, Fergolyte can be traded at Nightcap for them.
Spring into action with Nokko! With his strong roots and an array of tricky fungi, this young defender will quickly grow on you!
Nokko's Noble and Agile Animation Sets also introduces the first dual Warframe idle interactions, with Yareli joining him for a show of fun sibling energy. On Devstream 189, we mentioned that we may explore this for future Warframes, but for now Yareli will only spawn when sets are used with Nokko.
Upon receiving fatal damage, Nokko instead reverts to his Sprodling form and his active mushrooms will glow, reviving Nokko when touched. Orbs spawned will grant a speed boost but not healing. If a glowing mushroom is not reached in time, Nokko will automatically use a self-revive.
Throw a mushroom that periodically sheds poisonous spores, inflicting Viral Damage and Status Effect upon nearby enemies while also lulling them to sleep.
Ability 2: Brightbonnet*
Release a rejuvenating mushroom that emits a radial pulse, giving Nokko and his allies' Energy and applying a buff to Ability Strength that lasts for a short time.
*This is Nokko's Helminth and Railjack Ability.
Revert to Sprodling form, spawning orbs that heal Nokko and grant a speed boost. While in this state, Nokko is untargetable (which includes Laser Barriers) and heals gradually.
Unleash a chaotic ballistic mushroom that seeks enemies and bounces explosively off whatever it touches. Contact with any of Nokko's mushrooms invigorates them, doubling their pulse rate.
Nokko's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints can be acquired from Deepmines Bounties, found in The Airlock in Fortuna. Crafting Nokko will require Fergolyte collected during these bounties.
Trade Fergolyte for Nokko's Main and Component Blueprints at Nightcap in The Airlock in Fortuna.
Purchase from the in-game Market individually or as part of the Nokko Bundle for Platinum.
Nokko's Prex Card has been hidden somewhere that only Nokko would think to look. You'll have to search everywhere, search HIGH, search low, I'm sure you'll be able to find it
there's only so mush room searching for you to do.
With the release of Nokko, the maximum number of purchasable Loadout Slots has been increased from 30 to 31.
Nokko's signature archgun fires six homing missiles, each bearing a payload of one of the six combined elements which detonate in an area upon impact.
Arbucep's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints can be acquired from Deepmines Bounties, found in The Airlock in Fortuna. Crafting Arbucep will require Fergolyte collected during these bounties.
Trade Fergolyte for Arbucep's Main and Component Blueprints at Nightcap in The Airlock in Fortuna.
Purchase from the in-game Market individually or as part of the Nokko Bundle for Platinum.
Heavy Guns are getting even heavier! Players can now install Arcanes into their Archguns using new Archgun Arcane Adapters.
Each Archgun now comes with two Arcane slots that can be unlocked! Installing an Archgun Arcane Adapter unlocks one Arcane slot — the top can be slotted with Primary Arcanes, and the bottom with Secondary Arcanes.
Complete Deepmines Bounties for a chance to be rewarded with an Archgun Arcane Adapter from the drop table rewards. 
Trade Fergolyte at Nightcap in The Airlock in Fortuna.
Purchased with Platinum in the in-game Market.
We thank SUMO Digital for co-developing this quest with us!
Completing the Vor's Prize will unlock The Teacher in your Codex. 
For those who have already completed Vor's Prize, the Quest is already available for you to start!
The following elements of modding are taught in this quest:
Elemental Damage and Enemy Damage Vulnerabilities 
Navigating the UPGRADE screen 
How to equip Mods into slots 
How match Polarities on mods to slots to reduce the cost of equipping 
Combining Damage Types to create new elements 
Equipping Mods on Warframe 
Explaining Endo, how to Dissolve Mods to gain Endo, and using Fusion to increase mod rank
Pressure Point
Fury 
Serration
Hornet Strike
Heated Charge
Continuity
Equilibrium 
Redirection
30,000 Credits
500 Endo
Fixed Steel Path health modifiers not applying to Lephantis and the Hemocyte.
Oberon, the honorable Paladin, has received a light rework! Featuring a brand new Passive and enhanced Abilities, he is capable of offering both support and destruction on the battlefield.
Oberon is receiving an Armor buff with his rework:
Oberon: 385 (was 185)
Oberon Prime: 450 (was 240)
Oberon's original Passive was designed to increase the survivability of Companions, and as a result was mostly trivialized by the Companion Rework from 2024. With this rework, we're giving him a shiny new Passive!
Picking up a health orb (or a universal orb) generates a Righteous Negation charge for Oberon and Allies within Affinity radius. Oberon and his Allies each have individual caps of 3 Righteous Negation charges.
If a player has a Righteous Negation Charge, they are invulnerable to incoming damage. When incoming damage is blocked, one Righteous Negation Charge is expended. If a player has multiple Righteous Negation Charges, they will remain Invulnerable and receive a small 0.25 second cooldown before an additional Righteous Negation Charge can be depleted. If the damage removes their final Righteous Negation, players will be granted an additional 0.25 seconds of Invulnerability.
Players can identify how many Righteous Negation Charges they have via the buff indicator in their HUD, or by counting the number of floating shields that circle around them.
Smite is a fairly straightforward ability that can be modded for maximum efficiency on a single target. We want to focus and elevate its strength as a Single Target ability, while smoothing out some of its quirks.
Fixed several cloth physics issues that were causing odd distortions in loose/hanging adornments on multiple Warframe and Drifter appearance options. 
Also improved hair from clipping slightly. 
While we believe to have fixed the mass majority of these issues, please continue to report if there is cloth that continues to appear wonky. 
Fixed Coda Motovore's Slam attack not dealing damage when modded with extremely high Impact damage stats. 
Fixed Captura Filter and Text settings not being saved by the Save Current Settings feature in Captura.
Fixed Yareli not benefitting from Magus Elevate while on Merulina.
Fixed being unable to change your loadout after entering the Faceoff matchmaking screen.
Fixed the Simulor and Mutalist Quanta's orbs blocking projectiles. 
Fixed the Simulor's projectiles not doing damage after passing through Gyre's Arc Sphere if both the Conductive Sphere and Spontaneous Singularity Augments are equipped.
Fixed Scaldra Screamers not spawning in Stage Defense missions if a host migration occurred at the start of wave 3.
Fixed certain enemy weakpoints not triggering Ivara's Concentrated Arrow explosion. 
Fixed Biocodes not opening Techrot Caches after Host migration. 
Fixed auto attack after Ground Slam with Ghoulsaw not doing any damage. 
Fixed Clients returning to a Hub from an Open Landscape resulting in them being unable to use Transference.
If you were unable to visit Little Duck or Onkko after returning from an Open Landscape mission, this might have been why!
Fixed Railjack Crews not targeting Grineer objective radiators while the player is outside the Railjack.
Fixed enemy spawns pausing in Railjack missions when the away team enters a POI. 
Fixed the Verdilac Block Combo projectile getting stuck on enemies and players. 
This was causing difficulty spikes in the Archon Nira fight during The New War and Archon Hunts.
Fixed a loss of function for Client after repeatedly casting Garuda's Seeking Talons and Dread Mirror with the Dread Ward Augment. 
Fixed CTRL+ V (paste) eventually not working in text boxes after tabbing in and out of the game. 
Fixed Basmu's health leech not working while airborne.
Fixed the Gyre Vortengeist and Kullervo Apostate's tint channels making colors appear too dull.
This was an unintended fallout from a change with Caliban Prime's release! We've adjusted the tint channels, but players may find certain colors appear much brighter than before and may need to adjust their fashion accordingly. 
Fixed Inaros being able to shoot his weapon while channeling Scarab Shell. 
Fixed the inability to perform a Finisher after swapping away from an Exalted Melee ability. This was commonly seen from Valkyr swapping out of Hysteria and attempting to perform a Finisher.
Fixed critical hits not applying to imbued weapon damage (e.g. from Oraxia's Silken Stride and Cyte's Resupply) for Clients. 
Fixed the following upgrades with "on ability cast" conditions triggering from Transference: 
Scornful Cast Decree 
Fractalized Reset Arcane
Embedded Catalyzer 
Dual Toxocyst's Fevered Frenzy Incarnon Perk
Ability Overload Personal Modifier in Temporal Archimedea 
A welcomed change to prevent from having Void Rifts appear on top of you during Transference. 
Fixed Widow's Brood exceeding the maximum amount of Scuttlers (10) Oraxia can have if several enemies are killed at once. 
Fixed being able to sacrifice in-progress Blueprints to rank up in Entrati and Necraloid Syndicates. 
This included the following:
Entrati Rank 2 Keratinos Blade Blueprint and Keratinos Gauntlet Blueprint
Necraloid Rank 1 Zymos Barrel Blueprint
Necralois Rank 2 Sepulcrum Barrel Blueprint
Necraloid Rank 3 Trumna Barrel Blueprint
This would leave affected players with a perpetual "Item ready to be claimed" notice in their Foundry that couldn't be claimed or cleared. 
Affected accounts will have the resources that were committed to those in-progress blueprints refunded upon logging in.
Fixed cases of the Thalys' "Incarnon Ready" SFX playing too loud in the Orbiter.
Fixed Xaku losing their helmet after wiping out on a K-Drive with The Vast Untime active.
Fixed Thalys' Incarnon Form shards not fading away properly.
Fixed being unable to reload while wall-latched with Oraxia's Silken Stride on controllers.
Fixed Koumei's Kumihimo and Bunraku abilities sinking through the Ascension platform when cast. 
Fixed Madurai's Inner Might allowing players to infinitely spam Abilities in the Railjack's tactical menu.
Fixed Atomicycle Abilities having no cooldown when remounting.
Fixed various weapon magazines getting stuck to the Warframe's hand after cancelling a reload. 
Fixed Ash's Teleport causing Mobile Defense targets to rotate around. 
Fixed damage dealt by Client Jade's Judgement Beams only counting towards the Host's "Damage Dealt" stat. 
Fixed Toxin ammo imbue symbol not persisting after casting Oraxia's Silken Stride. 
Fixed Hydroid taking damage to his Shields during Tidal Surge's invulnerability. 
Fixed loss of functionality when Clients melee out of their Archwing mid-air.
Fixed Proton Pulse giving permanent bonus Bullet Jump velocity after using Transference while wall latching.
Fixed Heavy Attacks on Sparring weapons and Valkyr's Talons using the range of the previous Melee Slam Attack, instead of a set range. 
Fixed cases of Valkyr's Warcry and Temple's Ripper's Wail buffs stacking indefinitely. 
Fixed Voruna's Shroud of Dynar not granting increased Critical Chance while Wrathful Advance is subsumed and active.
 Fixed Titania's Tribute Ability launching extracted buffs rapidly up into the air.
Fixed Umbra NPC not using the correct Chromatic Blade element. 
Fixed Sentinel remaining invisible indefinitely after switching to and from Operator while cloaked as Warframe.
Fixed Captain Vor's arena being inaccessible after a Host Migration occurs during the boss introduction cinematic.
Fixed getting stuck behind the door to the second stage in the Captain Vor fight if a host migration occurred after completing the first stage but before you entered the door.
Fixed Hard Mode Captain Vor turning permanently invulnerable when a Host Migration occurs while he activates his first shielded phase.
Fixed Isleweaver's "Recover The Scholar's Artifacts" tracking UI showing false or no information for Clients.
Fixed Archwing Pursuit missions displaying the Courier's health as bleeding out for Clients while it is immobilized.
Fixed Clients being unable to see the weak points after destroying the Courier's engines in Archwing Pursuit missions.
Fixed teammate and objective markers in the minimap lingering when transitioning between tiles in Archwing missions. 
Fixed Viktor incorrectly playing a "new wave" transmission if players extract from Stage Defense after Wave 6.
Fixed Necraloid getting stuck on a plant object during a Deimos Bounty, which prevented proceeding.
Fixed the Thermian RPG picking up all ammo types on the ground in the H-09 Efervon Tank Assassination mission. 
Fixed Imperator in The Fragmented fight in the Isleweaver node stacking damage, crits and fire rate each time you pick it up. 
Fixed Mods sometimes spawning outside of the playable area in the Technocyte Coda Showdown arena. 
Fixed further cases of enemies in Netracell missions not pathing correctly during the "Eliminate Enemies to Lower Security Level" phase. 
Fixed Ancient Disruptors using their pull and swirl attack on Defense targets. 
Fixed enemies teleporting outside of Captain Vor's arena during phase 2 of the fight. 
Fixed the Anxious Activation challenge for Armatus (Entrati) Disruption being skippable by quickly inputting a third Conduit.
Fixed players returning from Host migration ending up outside the arena in H-09 Efervon Tank Assassination mission. 
Fixed the Elemental Ammo Pack dropped by the Super Scavenger Peely Pix only giving a 5% damage bonus. 
Now the Elemental Ammo Pack gives a 50% damage bonus across all ranks. 
Also fixed the damage bonus scaling with Cyte-09's Ability Strength.
Fixed Ratels missing the special VFX in the Mastery Rank 18 test.
Fixed minor issue with spawn point in Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed Thermian RPGs remaining suspended above the player if paratroopers are killed while floating down.
Fixed map not closing when transitioning between Fortuna and missions in The New War Quest. 
Fixed the camera zooming in and out when performing melee attack as Teshin with the Fire Stance active during The New War quest.
Fixed flickering elements on Archons in specific cutscenes during The New War quest. 
Fixed being unable to progress in The Sacrifice quest if players have an channelled Exalted Weapon active when attempting to Void Sling into Umbra. 
Fixed players being able to accidentally skip dialogue in certain sections of The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed the "Examine Device" input action being too small in The Sacrifice quest. 
Fixed missing rotating horizontal lines on the Orokin Cipher Puzzle in The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed the Kuva Scepter disappearing during The War Within's final cutscene.
Fixed being able to listen to Albrecht Entrati's journal entries during the Heart of Deimos Quest, despite not having the required Necralisk Syndicate Rank.
Fixed the End of Mission music playing during loading screens in Quests.
Fixed Lotus congratulating the player after completing Teshin's missions in the Natah Quest (she wasn't onboard with them in the first place!).
Fixed a broken jump pad in the elevator section of the Jade Shadows Quest.
Fixed missing set-dressing asteroids in The War Within during the Archwing Stealth segment. 
Fixed Coildrives on Orb Vallis failing to spawn during an Ambush Bounty after a Host Migration occurs after arming the trap. 
Fixed Vor's Prize Arsenal install animation sequence putting Warframe into the ground. 
Fixed Operators in The War Within cutscenes turning their heads weirdly.
Fixed the Ability Description for Hildryn's Balefire incorrectly listing the element as Heat instead of Electricity. 
Fixed the Innodem missing the custom Melee Incarnon Reticle. 
Fixed cases of the side panel text in Junction UI overlapping and breaking past the window bounds. 
Fixed Duviri rewards UI not being vertically centered. 
Fixed on-hover previews appearing for Nightwave Rewards outside of the Reward Tier section of the Nightwave screen.
Fixed Summoner's Wrath bonus appearing to stack when opening the Arsenal multiple times. (This was a UI-only issue.)
Fixed Isleweaver Fragment images in Codex appearing fuzzy/low quality. 
Fixed approaching a specific area near Necraloid causing the Loadout selection screen to auto open. 
Fixed Höllvanian Supply Cache UI icons not appearing while on Merulina.
Fixed Rivens and Galvanized Mod cards blocking Omni-Forma Polarity indicators in the Arsenal Modding screen.
Fixed new Mods losing their "New" indicator despite not being interacted with after closing the Mod Arsenal screen.
Fixed Archwing's Blink reticle indicator being hidden by the Incarnon's reticle.
Fixed Isleweaver's Undercroft portals appearing as yellow squares on the mini-map.
Fixed the Grimoire's aiming reticle missing while using an Archwing.
Fixed Clan invites not appearing until the player relogs.
Fixed the Kuva Kraken displaying primary fire stats for the alt-fire mode while in the Arsenal.
Fixed Status Effect icons being hidden under large enemies (e.g., Scaldra Dedicant) models.
Fixed misaligned UI thumbnails after installing an Archon Shard on a Warframe in the Helminth chair. 
Fixed Secondary Mod Links including stats of the Catabolyst if said weapon was equipped while creating the Mod Link.
Fixed excessive VFX flare when Refining a Void Relic in the Void Relic Selection menu during an endless Void Fissure mission.
Fixed the "Prefer Overlap Map" toggle being ignored when going from a hub to a mission. 
Fixed the missing input to open the Duviri Decree menu after interacting with Acrithis's store.
Fixed pending Clan members being able to see the "View Contributions" option.
Fixed enemies have a permanent Mercy Kill prompt after recovering from the Bronco's Dizzying Rounds effect.
Fixed the misaligned minimap arrow while using Grendel's Pulverize.
Fixed missing damage numbers while attacking with an aimed Buzlok.
Fixed accepted friend requests remaining in the pending tab until the receiver re-logs.
Fixed Ollie's Crash Course checkpoints appearing blue if the player had passed through them and restarted their race.
Fixed UI overlapping in Kubrow imprints screen if the list was very long. 
Fixed damage numbers getting smaller when HUD scale increases when set to Legacy. 
Fixed the search box in customization-type screens not being aligned with the grid of items to select. 
Fixed the KIM profile/messenger panels staying open while switching tabs in the POM-2. 
Fixed objective text appearing as white boxes in the Duviri Paradox quest and regular Duviri missions. 
Fixed Eidolon Bounty board reward grid shuffling around items while scrolling. 
Fixed the Genetic Imprint selection menu list not scaling properly to the ratio of the screen. 
Fixed Archon Shard count in the Arsenal UI when selecting a Warframe overlapping with its own icon. 
Fixed Teshin's name appearing in red instead of blue in the subtitles when talking to him in the Relay. 
Fixed UI elements unintentionally fading in the Arsenal Attachment menu.
Fixed currency icons on Market items (e.g., Platinum, Credits) being miscolored, depending on the user's chosen theme.
Fixed adding a new damage type to a Weapon via Modding resulting in the stat change being red instead of green in the Upgrade Menu.
Fixed Clients not seeing Moa's Whiplash Mine VFX. 
Fixed cursor snapping to the Isleweaver node in the Duviri navigation after opening squad setting with controller then using D-pad to try to select an option in the dropdown menus. 
Fixed Kullervo's Volatile Recompense timer continuing in ability UI after entering a Nullifier bubble. 
 This was a UI only issue, the blades were returning to Kullervo in Nullifier as intended. 
Fixed the Inventory/Sell UI header appearing in the top left of the End of Mission screen.
Fixed Arcane tooltips not displaying Elemental icons when viewed in a vendor's offerings.
Fixed Platinum discount still appearing in Market UI after redeeming it to purchase Platinum while Steam Overlay is disabled
UI only issue that was misleading players into thinking they had another coupon when it had already been used. The full price would still appear in the Steam checkout.
Fixed the Kuva Kraken's Alternate Burst Dual Wield fire mode not properly displaying stats in the Upgrade Menu. 
Fixed Garuda Prime's minimap icon using the incorrect colors.
Fixed exiting to the Loadout tab in the Arsenal after upgrading Heavy Weapons via the Gear tab, instead of returning to the Gear Tab as expected. 
Fixed the Helminth Charger Claws' unique trait using the incorrect icon. 
Fixed UI elements overlapping in the Archon Shard screen if 100 or more of an Archon Shard are owned. 
Fixed certain Mastery Rank-Up screens incorrectly indicating that players earn more Mod Capacity. 
As of Update 38.5, players now earn Base Capacity every 2 Mastery Ranks. We've updated the affected Mastery Rank screens to reflect this change.
Fixed cases Vendor ware grids extending past the scrollbars.
Fixed rare case where players could get stuck in Arsenal after switching to Vehicles and the cursor was on Heavy Weapon. 
Fixed the loading spinner and Steam auto login UI elements overlapping in the login screen.
Fixed resetting the HDR Paper White setting to default via the diamond icon resulting in the setting cycling through different values, instead of actually resetting to the default value. 
Fixed UI prompt on how to trigger Transference in The War Within quest appearing broken when transitioning from KBM to controller. 
Fixed interacting too close to the edge of a color palette causing the color to reset instead of selecting the color. 
Fixed the Odonata Prime component icons missing their gold tint in the Foundry. 
Fixed Maroo's Bazaar's minimap missing a node and her icon. 
Fixed the Sun Oro Ornament showing both it and the Moon Oro Ornament in its icon. 
Fixed type of mission in the Crossfire mission UI not appearing in the Alert and Fissures world state window UI.
Fixed Drifter's lip color resetting to default whenever attempting to apply another color. 
Fixed various offset issues with the Brazontik Armor Set.
Fixed the Lunarius Syandana stabbing certain Warframes in the head.
Fixed various shoulder armor offset issues on Cyte-09. 
Fixed various chest armor offset issues for the Temple Gemini Skin.
Fixed skins being invisible on the Coda Motovore if modded heavily for Impact or Slash Damage.
Also fixed cases of the original Coda Motovore's VFX remaining visible with skins equipped.
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow using the quiver as an arrow when equipped with alternate skins. 
Fixed offset issues with the Brazontik Shoulder when equipped on the Minerva Gemini Skin. 
Fixed the Lotus not looking her best in certain cinematics if the Lotus Amaga Skin is equipped.
Fixed the Paxis Shoulder Armor not being visible on the Kullervo Apostate Skin's right shoulder. 
Fixed Sevagoth's Ezriel helmet having duplicated tassels.
Fixed Operators reverting to default customizations in The Sacrifice if the player uses Transference.
Fixed Signas on Equinox reverting to the default Y-axis position after using Metamorphosis.
Fixed Drifter/Operator Sigil Color automatically changing to the most recently scrolled over colour, without any selection needed. 
Fixed pistols and long rifles clipping into the Mirage Nuwa Skin's leg spikes when "Visible when Holstered" is enabled. 
Fixed base Merulina spawning during Yareli Prime's idle animations instead of the Merulina Prime model. 
Fixed the tentacle on the Coda Pox magazine remaining visible with skins equipped. 
Fixed several armor offset issues on the Drifter Chymerist Uniform. 
Fixed missing texture issues with Kaya, Temple, and Lettie's Gemini Skins. 
Fixed broken tail textures on the Kexat Kavat and Fabled Kubrow Fur patterns.
Fixed some Companion attachments not following body movement when using TAA Anti-Aliasing.
Note: this issue persists on Vulpaphylas. 
Fixed energy color selection for Companions not updating in real time.
Fixed the Frost Immortal Skin appearing to be low resolution. 
Fixed various offset issues on the Sevagoth Deluxe Skin.
Fixed Focus School badges being scaled too small on Dagath.
Fixed the right arm of the Lark Bishamo Pauldrons on the Drifter deforming when animating.
Fixed the Sugatra attachments point on the Silva & Aegis' Day of the Dead Skin being incorrect.
Fixed cases of Isleweaver Fragment context actions being hidden from player view.
Some Fragments have been moved slightly to improve context action visibility. 
Fixed Oraxia's Scuttlers being able to clip into the floor of her Lair in Isleweaver missions.
Fixed being able to jump past a pressure plate to open a door in Maroo's Ayatan Treasure Vault map, causing them to get trapped inside the vault. 
Fixed being able to stand on the roof pillars by the edge of the arena in Oraxia's arena.
Fixed various stretched textures in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed floating grass in a section of Scholar's Landing. 
Fixed a map hole in the Zariman tileset.
Fixed a certain tile in the Grineer Shipyards Tileset incorrectly clipping into other tiles. 
Fixed a map hole in Teshin's section of The New War quest.
Fixed a map hole in a Mobile Defense tile of the Gas City Tileset.
Fixed a gap in the textures of the ceiling in one of the underground Höllvania tiles. 
Fixed missing collision on some of the pillars in The Fragmented Isleweaver arena. 
Fixed being unable to place decorations in the back of the Arsenal in the Backroom. 
Fixed a floating tree in Duviri's Moirai Crossing.
Fixed a floating tree in Duviri's Netherbarrow.
Fixed missing rock textures in Oraxia's arena.
Fixed a map hole in Albrecht's Laboratories.
Fixed floating plants in the underground zoo Höllvania tiles.
Fixed instances of low-quality shadows on Infested geometry in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed players clipping through skybox after flying too far away from the landscape in the Isleweaver node. 
Fixed being able to jump off the island in the Kullervo's Hold Captura Scene, causing a loss of function while falling. 
Fixed not getting teleported to safety after ragdolling under a body of water in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed cases of small environment elements impeding player movement in the Lua Tileset.
Fixed missing collision in a Capture tile of the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed z-fighting issues on one of the catwalks in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed being unable to cross the bridge between Duviri's Castle Town and Primrose Village after jumping with a Kaithe.
Fixed a map hole in one of the Plains of Eidolon caves. 
Fixed rare cases of resource containers spawning on top of plants in the Plains of Eidolon, the Orb Vallis, the Cambion Drift, and Duviri. 
Fixed multiple lighting issues in The New War Boreal tile. 
Fixed map holes on Grineer Sealab tilesets.
Fixed leaking VFX in the Ascension tileset. 
Fixed cases of SPROUT plants in Teshin's Cave sometimes becoming fully grown earlier or later than they should be. 
Fixed stretched texture on a rock in Cetus.
Fixed misplaced invisible walls in the Duviri Orowyrm Arena Captura scene.
Fixed nav issues in the Corpus Ship tileset, The New War quest and the Orokin Derelict tileset.
Fixed being unable to accept a squad invite if the player is in a Hub after they exited an Open Landscape via a loading tunnel. (ex: they are in Cetus after completing a mission in the Plains of Eidolon.)
Fixed cases of newly unveiled Rivens not displaying properly when returning from a Railjack mission to the Dry Dock. 
Note: this issue still persists when returning to a Dry Dock in a Relay.
Fixed other players' Operators incorrectly using the Drifter skeleton in Hub, causing them to look weirdly stretched.
Fixed cases of the Codex Segment clipping into the desk below it.
We removed the Quest description entirely from the Codex Segment as this was causing the clipping. 
Fixed cases of neck positions looking weird when double jumping. 
Fixed not being able to waypoint various plant resource pickups (ex: Ruk's Claw, etc.).
Fixed cases of age regressing a Kubrow resulting in the puppy equipping the armor they had on previously. 
Fixed enemies ragdolled in a pile instantly dying in certain locations.
Fixed players on mismatched builds being able to trade with each other if they were in the same Dojo instance.
Fixed Oraxia's Mercy's Kiss ability video appearing black. 
Fixed Nikana melee weapons randomly sticking out from Warframe when landing from a jump while moving forward. 
Fixed weird depth of field glitches sometimes occurring following a cinematic. 
Fixed Star Chart zooming in immediately after mission countdown has completed.
Fixed Operator being incorrectly held by Warframe in the Second Dream Quest. 
Fixed accepted Squad invites sending players to their Base of Operations instead of joining the Squad while in a hub (e.g., Relays, Fortuna).
Fixed Primed Convulsion and Primed Expel Murmur Mods not being chat linkable.
Fixed the Skaut having only partial collision when parked in a Relay.
Fixed Kuva Lich's Leash ragdolling targets immune to ragdolling (e.g., Necramech).
Fixed sprinting being disabled in Duviri after summoning the Kaithe in a pruned bush.
Fixed the Dax Gladius' attacks consistently missing against the player due to smaller weapon hitboxes.
Fixed the Dax Gladius backpedalling without attacking while the player is near them.
Fixed K-Drives being considered Allies (instead of Self) for Character Highlights.
Fixed typo in subtitles for one of Baro Ki'Teer's snarky comments in the Relay about you being minimalist. Not everyone is a hype beast Baro, jeeeeeze. 
Fixed case of getting stuck loading a level if the graphics driver decides a shader is corrupt. 
Fixed being unable to incubate Kubrow due to an "Unknown Error" pop-up message. 
Fixed NPC Umbra dissolving in repeatedly while kneeling. 
Fixed the Zariman Cistern, Staircase, Lunaro Score Board and Park Stairs Decorations having poor snap to surface/rotation points. 
Fixed Companions, Excalibur Umbra, and Specters attacking when toggling on "Friendly Fire" in the Simulacrum and Transfering to Operator/Drifter. 
Fixed Host not being able to hear the Client's gunshot sounds if their weapon was fully charged.
Fixed cases of duplicate items appearing in Acrithis' wares. 
Fixed being unable to place decorations near Dante's Prex Card.
Fixed a rare case of a Cross Platform Save account having incorrect Slot values if a Founder's account was merged but a Console account was chosen as the Primary Account. 
Affected accounts will have this corrected upon sign in. 
Fixed cases where Baro would T-pose in the Relay while speaking. 
Fixed the TennoGen Landing Craft Market diorama being extremely zoomed in after selecting the Community Event tab before it. 
Fixed hovering on colors not previewing them on Beast Companions.
Fixed issue where weapons could end up with Rivens that aren't compatible (ex: Projectile Flight Speed on Vadarya Prime Rivens). 
Fixed riding Merulina when Denial Bursa blinds causing the VFX to linger on screen even after dismounting. 
Fixed being unable to customize Operator/Drifter in the home base Captura scenes (ie. Orbiter, Drifter Camp, Backrooms). 
Fixed being unable to set Visual Effects Intensity in Captura settings to 0. 
Fixed Companions disappearing from the Arsenal when opening their weapon select menu. 
Fixed the Naberus Floating Candles decoration appearing sideways in the diorama. 
Fixed being unable to interact with the Sukshma Transvox and Sukshma Array decorations after placing them. 
Fixed being unable to select the majority of the Saggen Well decoration, making it difficult to adjust. 
Fixed the Glowing Sentient Core decoration appearing partially in the ground in its diorama. 
Fixed a rare bug that would make the launcher claim to be downloading at billions of GB/s after recovering from a connection problem. 
Fixed Drifter and Warframe becoming headless after using the mirror in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed a script error that occurred if The Unseeing Herald died while casting its laser ability. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when a Client's Vulpaphyla respawned while they were using Transference and the Companion had a Precept granted by a Set Mod.
Fixed a script error for players in the Relay when Baro departs.
Fixed a script error upon login when generating Archimedea mission conditions for accounts with a small number of weapons.
Fixed rare script error caused by Sister of Parvos Hounds. 
Fixed rare Host crash when loading into missions from a Relay. 
Fixed script errors in the interface. 
Fixed crash when loading The Duviri Experience from the Star Chart. 
Fixed script error when opening the Railjack Tactical Menu. 
Fixed script error that could occur when Wisp is killed while using Cataclysmic Gate. 
Fixed script error in Lavos' passive. 
Fixed script error when NPCs use Mag's Magnetize. 
Fixed script error caused by Mirage's Sleight of Hand exploding while being dead. 
Fixed rare script error caused by Techrot Babau. 
Fixed script error caused by Techrot enemy attacks. 
Fixes towards rare script error when backing out of the Star Chart just as loading into a mission begins. 
Fixed crashes caused by interacting with Archon Shards in the Helminth UI. 
Fixed a crash in the Silver Grove Quest when fighting the Knave Specter.
Fixed a crash when pressing the holster customization button on Hybrid (e.g., Dark Split Sword) weapons.
Fixed script error caused by the Tutorial button at the Ducat kiosk. 
Fixed a rare crash if Gyre received self-damage with Rotorswell active.
Fixed a crash related to the "Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes" encounter in Duviri.
Fixed a script error related to Caliban's Lethal Progeny. 
Fixed a script error related to Cyte-09's Resupply. 
Fixed a script error related to Oraxia's Silken Stride.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Upgrade Kavat Claws in a Relay as Khora. 
Fixed script error caused by Bonewidow's Shield Maiden ability.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCUpdate 40: The Vallis Undermind
**Date:** 2025-10-15T15:04:12Z | **Type:** Update
## Caliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.3
**Date:** 2025-09-02T20:03:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Note: Hysteria is unchanged, we simply updated the description to better clarify how those buffs apply.
### Changes
Changes:

### Fixes
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCCaliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.3
**Date:** 2025-09-02T20:03:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Caliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.2
**Date:** 2025-08-28T15:01:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Updated the materials and tint order on Caliban Prime, Venato Prime, Vadarya Prime, and the Neurovyre Prime Syandana.
We very rarely make significant changes to appearances post-release, but felt that Caliban Prime's materials and tint order meant he did not work optimally with other Caliban cosmetics. Mixing and matching pieces is an important part of Fashion Frame, so we changed Caliban Prime as follows:
Updated the metal plate material so that applied tints are more saturated.
Swapped the Primary and Secondary tint channels so that the metal plate details are on the same tint channel as those on Caliban and the Caliban Orfeo Skin.
Venato Prime, Vadarya Prime, and the Neurovyre Prime Syandana have received the same changes so they match Caliban Prime. 

Turned off the Dog Days music in Relays now that the event is soon ending. 
We're thankful that Nakak collabed with Nora Night to get that tune blasted in the Relays, but we're aware it was causing some issues with other SFX in these areas. Something to consider if it returns next year!
Players can now interact with tooltips for settings that are disabled.

### Fixes
Fixed an untintable square on the back of the Tauron Prime Regalia.
Fixed offset issues with the Xairaks Armor pieces.
Fixed Clients inconsistency hearing Vadarya Prime SFX.
Also polished the Vadarya Prime charging SFX.
Fixed the Jotunheim Whip Skin's blade not taking energy tints.
Fixed the Gauss Nitrolyst Skin's thigh pads clipping into Gauss' legs.
Fixed tintmask bleeding on the Gauss Profitas skin.
Fixed the Axi O7 not following proper naming conventions — it has now been renamed Axi Y2.
Fixed players being unable to type a value below 20 in the FOV setting in Captura.
This originally was a bug, but we're adding it back as a feature as low-FOV is a staple in the Captura community.
Fixed being able to copy and paste negative numbers into some setting sliders.
Fixed Deimos Tier 2 and 3 Isolation Vault Bounties not properly displaying their location in the Codex.
Fixed a script error related to Oraxia's Mercy's Kiss.
Fixed a script error caused by Khora's Strangledome.
Fixed a script error related to the Heavy Attack teleport from the Amar set mod bonus on Exalted Weapons.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCCaliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.2
**Date:** 2025-08-28T15:01:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Caliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.1
**Date:** 2025-08-26T19:10:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed players receiving the TennoCon Riftguard Syandana (Void-Swept) with purchases of the Xikonos Syandana.
This was patched live at around ~1 p.m. ET!
We will be carefully removing the Riftguard Syandana from accounts who unintentionally received it (excluding those who already owned the TennoCon Digital Pack). 
Fixed the Vital Arbiter Nightwave Act being locked behind Steel Path access (instead of Arbitration access, as intended).
Fixed dead Hosts not seeing the option to accept mission votes (notably in Railjack or Open Landscape missions).
Fixed issues with the Vadarya Prime's VFX for Clients.
Fixed the Vadarya Prime's sniper scope not being affected by the "Use Sniper Scopes" setting.
Fixed the Vadarya Prime's charging VFX persisting if the charge is cancelled or weapons are swapped.
Fixed some Syandanas clipping through Caliban Prime's exhaust cannisters.
Fixed offset issues for the Xairaks Leg Armor on Hydroid.
Fixed a script error related to Valkyr's Warcry.
Fixed a crash related to Conclave Dedicated Servers.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCCaliban Prime: Hotfix 39.1.1
**Date:** 2025-08-26T19:10:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 39.1: Caliban Prime
**Date:** 2025-08-26T15:04:47Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers — check the full details here:
A fierce new collection of community-made creations have arrived! Featuring a Corpus inspired Gauss skin, an Entrati themed Syandana, as well as Tenno inspired Armor and a Whip skin, TennoGen Factions bring several aesthetics of the Origin System to your Arsenal.
A unique skin for the Gauss Warframe, designed by malaya, Jadie, and Noxxr.
A syandana for your Warframe, designed by led2012 and daemonstar.
A unique whip skin, designed by Mz-3.
A unique leg armor for your Warframe, designed by lex182 and cedd00.
A unique leg armor for your Warframe, designed by lex182 and cedd00.
Teshin has a new "Steel Path?" conversation option for those who do not have The Steel Path unlocked. Selecting this option will list up to 3 planets with missions that are remaining, in addition to any Quest and Mastery Rank requirements that are missing.
We opted for a shorter list to make it easier for players to remember what nodes to work towards. 
Quest and Mastery Rank requirements are now listed to guide players towards unlocking "hidden" nodes. (ex: Tyana Pass requires Mastery Rank 3 and the completion of The Heart of Deimos)

The Fragmented Tide now takes damage based on the health of the Murmur killed in the The Fragmented fight, instead of the number of Murmur killed. 
This change fixes the "Hostile Regeneration" Risk Variable in Deep Archimedea missions not properly applying to the Fragmented Tide's health. 
Previously, killing one Murmur would immediately revert the Fragmented Tide's health to its pre-regeneration state (because it was counting how many Murmur were killed). 
Murmur now spawn continually in this stage, as players no longer need to kill all spawned Murmur to progress to the second stage.
Improved firing and pathing behaviour of the Ortholysts spawned by Caliban's Lethal Progeny.
Improved lighting when customizing Operator/Drifter Facial Accessories in the Orbiter.
Palladino's Kavat (Rook) in the Chains of Harrow Quest is now invulnerable, so players no longer have to worry about reviving them while also dealing with the existential horrors of this Quest.
Providing Modular Items for Standing now prompts a confirmation screen so players don't accidentally donate their Amp or Moa without realizing it.
Reduced the music from Daughter's headphones during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Added Tips to the Ayatan Treasures screen in the Mod Menu.
Changed the "Complete the Advanced Movement Tutorial" Junction Task reward from 500 Rubedo to 500 Endo. 
The Isleweaver patchnotes incorrectly listed the reward as 500 Endo, so we are updating it to match since new players often need Endo.
Players can now see how many Nakak Pearls they own in the currency bar when viewing Beach Toys at Nakak.
Fixed Helminth Invigoration and Archon Shard buffs appearing in Dog Days missions, despite their effects not actually applying.
Fixed "No Stance Mod Installed" pop-up appearing in the Pause Menu of Dog Days missions if opened with the Noodletron equipped.
Fixed the Dog Days jingle playing in Railjack missions if started via the Dry Dock in a Relay.

### Fixes
Update 39.1.0 is an interim Cert Update!
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
Forged in celebration of the all-too-brief peace between the Orokin and Sentients, Caliban Prime is a true collaborative masterpiece. The heir of twin kingdoms arises in royal gold.
Caliban Prime's Lethal Progeny Conculyst, Ortholyst, and Summulyst summons are also adorned in gold!
Fashioned from the willingly-donated bone of the Sentient Ur-Hatho and embellished by Orokin luxurator Sembik Vol, Venato Prime was to be wielded against "common enemies" of the united peoples - had any ever emerged from the darkness beyond Tau.
Caliban Prime's signature sniper rifle is no mere ceremonial weapon. A sign, perhaps, that peace between Orokin and Sentient was destined to be fleeting. Struck enemies become lightning rods, with a chance to attract bolts of chain lightning that can jump to nearby enemies.
Painstakingly embellished with scavenged gold as a treaty gift for the Orokin, this Sentient spinal symbiote serves as Caliban Prime's signature syandana.
The Tauron Academy uniform blends Tenno functionality with Sentient design.
Now that Caliban Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Grendel Prime
Masseter Prime
Zylok Prime
Fixed Simulor's projectiles being unable to hit ragdolled enemies if the Spontaneous Singularity Augment is equipped.
Fixed Caliban's Razor Mortar Augment not properly triggering Archon Stretch.
Fixed cases of players becoming stuck if they cast Wrathful Advance throwing the Wolf Sledge.
Fixed Summon and Companion kills not contributing to Acolyte spawns in the Steel Path.
Fixed the Unseen Dread augment increasing Critical Chance instead of the intended Critical Damage while invisible.
Fixed Ash's Shuriken being unable to target Security Cameras.
Fixed Oxylus' Scan Matter precept not picking up resources dropped from the containers it broke.
Fixed Arcane Velocity's fire rate bonus being doubled for Peacemaker when equipped on (non-Prime) Mesa.
Fixed a combination of the Marauder's Nerve Decree and Boreal set mods causing Warframes becoming invulnerable while airborne.
Now, Marauder's Nerve's damage reduction applies multiplicatively, instead of additively.
Fixed the VFX Caliban's Fusion Strike not matching the modded Ability Duration.
Fixed the spectral daggers spawned by the Okina's Incarnon Form not using player colors.
Fixed the Eternal War Augment not triggering on kills from Atlas' Landslide, Gara's Shattered Lash, Khora's Whipclaw, and Ash's Shadow Clones.
Fixed edge cases of Warframe attachments creating blocking volumes around the Warframe, causing them to get caught in the Arsenal.
More fixes towards the tendrils on the back of the Hildryn Sarcostema Helmet to make them act more like hair, per the artist's request.
Fixed the Aoi Gemini Emote using the wrong dialog lines.
Fixed Nautilus Prime being unable to equip the base Nautilus skin.
Fixed offset issues with the Latron Armor set on Grendel Prime.
Fixed Numerical Separators setting of "1 000,00" causing Captura settings to start at 0, causing players to see a very darkened screen.
Fixed rare cases of Operators being incorrectly held during a segment of The Second Dream quest.
Fixed Clients being stuck kneeling if they were in the Navigation Menu in the Host's Dojo when they started a Railjack mission.
Fixed being unable to move in the final section of The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed Ballas missing animations during certain sections of The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed a mission in The Sacrifice having the wrong music.
Fixed returning Clients being trapped in the pit if a host migration occurred during Phase 2 of the Efervon Tank fight.
Fixed equipping a Focus Lens in a Dojo causing the Eris Junction Task to not progress.
Fixed the Optimism Peely Pix continuing to grow Cold stacks despite the Temporal Archimedea mission being paused while Solo.
Fixed players being able to enter restricted areas in the Technocyte Coda Stadium fight. Backstage passes required, Tenno!
Fixed Operators and Drifters being invisible in the Central Mall Backroom Scene.
Fixed being able to use Operator in Höllvania if swapped to from Focus School screen. This is intended as a Drifter-only zone! 
Fixed Client Drifters in the Duviri Experience returning to Duviri with Warframe weapons equipped if a Host Migration happened at a specific time.
Fixes towards a very rare case where mission progress would fail to save. 
Fixed a plane continually flying overhead if a Host Migration occurred on Wave 3 of Stage Defense missions.
Fixed missing Heavy Slam Melee SFX on the Sun & Moon.
Fixed an issue where you couldn't properly wish Flare a happy birthday in KIM. 
Lizzie would be the only option for a certain conversation, which could lead to an "unpleasant" experience if you hadn't met her yet — nevermind the thought of her stealing all of Flare's birthday glory.
Fixed a mission in The Sacrifice having the wrong music.
Fixed being unable to interact with the Sukshma Support decoration after placing it in your Base of Operations.
Fixed performance issues caused by the Sevagoth Agile animation in Relays.
Fixed a script error when selecting a Glyph while closing a menu.
Fixed a rare script error when attempting to view Ability stats.
Fixed a script error caused by Styanax's Last Stand.
Fixed a script error for Operators after a Host Migration.
Fixed a rare script error related to Operator Passives after a Host Migration.
Fixed a crash when viewing an Artemis Bow mod config with a different Warframe equipped.
Fixed a crash for Clients when using Oraxia.
Fixed a crash when using Chroma's Elemental Ward via the Railjack Tactical Menu and then immediately returning to the Dojo.
Fixed an extremely rare crash that could occur when running DirectX 12.
For list of known issues that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread: 

## PCUpdate 39.1: Caliban Prime
**Date:** 2025-08-26T15:04:47Z | **Type:** Update
## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.7
**Date:** 2025-07-23T19:10:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Added a 6,000 Kuva bundle in Acrithis' Scuttler Husk shop. 
An additional evergreen item for you to spend your excess Scuttler Husks on! There is a 7 per week purchase limit. 
Fixed static Assassination Undercroft portals in The Duviri Experience not spawning enemies/triggering objectives, leaving players unable to progress past the portal. 
Fixed Xaku's Gaze indefinitely freezing Oraxia in Isleweaver, causing players to be unable to progress past this stage. 
Fixed Operator/Drifter's Amp Void Energy gauge always showing as empty in Isleweaver. This was a UI only issue; energy could still be used. 
Fixed the whistle SFX spamming after each enemy kill during the Ghost Mirror objective.
Fixed loss of function for Clients after being revived in Isleweaver if the Host migrated while they were loading into Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed being unable to waypoint Ueymag in Duviri. 
Fixed the black and white filter applying permanently for the remainder of the Isleweaver mission after a Host migration. 
Fixed completed Duviri/Isleweaver runs not counting towards the Nightwave "Complete Missions" weekly Act. 
Fixed Clients being unable to extract from Isleweaver after defeating The Fragmented post Host migration. 
Fixed Kullervo's (boss at Kullervo's Hold) turning invisible for Clients during the fight. 
Fixes towards falling off the Isleweaver isle near the tower teleporting player into Oraxia's Lair with no way to escape.
Reduced the FOV zooming when teleporting to a target using the Hysterical Assault Augment.
Changed Rip Line to no longer auto-melee if all enemies died from other sources or from Rip Line's damage.
You can now cancel Rip Line by casting an ability (including Rip Line) to change direction (velocity remains the same when doing so). 
To prevent issues from occurring while recasting Rip Line back to back, we have added an extremely short 0.4 second cooldown. 
Improved Valkyr Prime's Rip Line VFX. 
Reduced the volume of Valkyr's passive SFX. 
Fixed being unable to change Valkyr Heirloom's Talons color and always appearing gold. 
We are also aware of the issues with Valkyr Heirloom's skirt clipping into her legs, which unfortunately require code to fix. In our next Cert Build, we'll include these fixes and overall cloth improvements. 
Fixed the Chordalla Prime causing blocking volumes to appear, causing issues where players could get stuck on them (ex: when attempting to leave Arsenal). 
Fixed Client Valkyr experiencing loss of function after performing a heavy attack into a Nullifier bubble. 
Fixed Valkyr's Talons VFX trails not being visible after the first cast of Hysteria.
Added an option to lower custom player number limits in dedicated servers (for example, if someone wanted to do a 1v1 match). Add "useCustomPlayerLimits=1" in your dedicated server settings.

### Fixes
Hello Tenno! Our first Hotfix is back from TennoCon 2025. Whether you attended in person or watched from home, we hope you had a wonderful time celebrating the Warframe community and are excited for what's coming in the future of Warframe!
Let's get into some housekeeping before diving into the Hotfix notes:
Fixed the Braton Incarnon Bundle showing 60x Silphsea instead of the intended 60x Tasoma Extract in the UI. 
We hotdropped a fix on Monday to correct Silphsea being given instead of Tasona Extract, but the UI required a Hotfix to solve. For those who had purchased the bundle before the Hotdrop on Monday, we have run a script to give those affected the missing 60x Tasoma Extract. If you purchased the bundle after the Hotdrop, you received the Tasoma Extract despite the UI saying otherwise. 
Fixed Mercy Kills on Eximus units not triggering Momentous Bond. 
Fixed the Temple defense target taking excessive damage from exploding enemies with the "Corrupted Flesh" Risk Variable in Temporal Archimedea Stage Defense missions. 
The Temple target is now resistant/immune to the Corrupted Flesh explosions. 
Fixed Deep/Temporal Archimedea Research Points (rewards and UI) not updating after changing Loadout from the Archimedea screen. 
Fixed Titania's Ironclad Flight preventing Razorwing Blitz from activating. 
Fixed Oraxia's Toxin Damage from Silken Strike applying to Incarnon Mode if you have two equipped (ex: Felarx and Laetum). 
Fixed Void Angel spawning in Deep Archimedea after entering Sevagoth's Tombstone. It should only spawn when properly downed. 
Fixed Naramon's Power Strike not applying to Sevagoth's Shadow Claws and immediately loses combo counter.
Fixed other players' abilities appearing in various broken states after loading into an in-progress mission (notably Oraxia's Silken Stride legs not moving). 
Fixed players that join-in-progress Cambion Drift sessions, leave, and then rejoin in the Necralisk not being visible in the loading tunnel, preventing the squad from loading back into the Cambion Drift. 
Fixed Caliban's Razor Mortar not showing duration in HUD buff as Client. 
Fixed Cyte-09's Neutralize ricochet SFX sometimes being audible to other players.
Fixes towards Operator being incorrectly held by Warframe on Lua and in the Orbiter in The Second Dream Quest. 
Known issue: This still occurs with Oraxia during the Somatic Link sequence. 
Fixed the Biotic Rounds and Leaded Gas Mods not having their drop sources listed in the Codex. 
Fixed being able to receive another Ki'Teer Nobilis Signa from Void Surplus after having already gotten one (RNG aura at an 11). 
Fixed the warning timer when abandoning an Open Landscape Bounty objective zone not counting down. 
Fixed Quincy falling through the level and not saying his lines before shooting the Scaldra Tank in The Hex Quest finale. 
Fixed the Zaikhya Syandana taking its energy color from Warframe. 
Fixed being unable to chat link Magnetic Might. 
Fixed the spinning piece of the Netrahymn Octavia Helmet not animating. 
Fixed several shoulder armor offset issues on Gauss. 
Fixed the Tonfa Hades Skin's texture animating when it shouldn't while equipped on the Tonkkatt. 
Fixed floating rope pieces floating on the Epitaph Raya Skin. 
Fixed the Seighe Scythe Skin not properly applying when equipped on certain weapons (ex: Castacyst). 
Fixed Warframe posing with an invisible gun in the diorama when previewing the Avex Sniper Skin. 
Fixes towards accounts with massive inventories triggering an out of memory error when finishing a mission. 
Fixed performance issues caused by Caliban's Razor Gyre. 
Fixed the Rhino Heirloom Iron Collection still appearing in the "Premium Bundles" Market tab even though it is no longer available for local currency. It is still available for Platinum purchase, though! 
Fixed script error and various glitches that could occur if different variations of the grapple hook ability (Valkyr's Rip Line, Itzal's Arch Line, etc.) were used at the same time. 
Fixed several script errors related to drop ships in Venus missions. 
Fixed several script errors with the Viral Quills Vulpaphyla Precept. 
Fixed several script errors in Alchemy missions due to Host migration. 
Fixed several script errors while playing Shawzin. 
Fixed several script errors with Citrine's Remnants in Mirror Defense. 
Fixed several script errors with Kuva Grineer dash attacks in Kuva Fortress missions. 
Fixed script error with Transference to Operator. 
Fixed several script errors with the squad UI.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.6
**Date:** 2025-07-19T14:04:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added the Memetic Glyph Pack II to the In-Game Market.
This Pack features Glyphs from our Pre-TennoCon Nostalgia Twitch Drops campaign. If you missed the Twitch Drops, you can now grab the bundle via the Market or purchase them individually via the Glyph menu.

### Changes
Missed Note From 39.0.5:
Improved performance issues in the Albrecht's Laboratories tileset.
Updated the on-hover tip for the Jupiter Junction "Complete the Advanced Movement Tutorial in the Codex" following player feedback.
Also fixed the Advanced Movement Tutorial screen displaying "Replay Tutorial", which was leading to confusion.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash caused by Melee Slam Attacks.
Fixed Aya being listed as a rare Void Surplus reward — it is now properly marked uncommon! 
This was just a visual bug in one of the on-hover descriptions, actual drop rates were unaffected.
Fixed cases of the first Incarnon Evolution appearing locked on certain Incarnon Genesis weapons.
This was only a visual bug, players were still able to use their Incarnon Form in-mission.
Fixed a loss of function when attempting to change Warframe colors while cycling between Warframes in the "Choose Your Warframe" section of Awakening.
Fixed an extra Mod Slot appearing when attempting to Polarize an Exalted secondary weapon via the Loadout screen in the Navigation menu, preventing players from actually being able to install Forma.
Now, players can properly Polarize their Exalted secondaries via this Loadout screen.
Fixed cases of "Skip clanmates/these names" not actually skipping certain names when Batch Removing friends.
Fixed applying Polychrome to a Dojo Room not indicating that players need to fund its construction.
Fixed Necraloid appearing in the Sanctum Anatomica minimap when he is not yet accessible.
Fixed a PH tag in Gauss' Thermal Transfer buff description when Blast Damage is buffed.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.5
**Date:** 2025-07-07T19:12:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Removed the ability to sell the Archwing Launcher.
This functionality was leftover from the original implementation of the Archwing Launcher (each Launcher would be consumed on-use, causing players to craft multiple). As Archwing Launchers are obtained much differently today, there is no need for players to be able to sell them.
Updated the message when rushing the Ascaris Negator and Incubation timer in the Vor's Prize and Howl of Kubrow quests to indicate that rushing is free.

### Fixes
Fixed the Zylok Incarnon Bundle giving the incorrect resources to install the Incarnon Adapter.
Tenno who purchased the bundle prior to this hotfix will receive the correct resources via a script. We will update this thread when it is run.
Fixed not being able to leave the arena after successfully completing the hardmode Fragmented fight.
Fixed the Damage Vulnerability from Oraxia's Webbed Embrace not scaling with Ability Strength.
Fixed cases of players losing function when talking to various NPCs across Duviri.
Fixed unintentionally bright VFX from Melee Slam attacks.
Fixed cases of Incarnon Challenges not progressing for Clients. 
This only affected weapons with innate Incarnons, not Incarnon Genesis.
Fixes towards Clients being unable to extract if a Host Migration occurs while teleporting at the end of the Fragmented fight in Isleweaver missions.
Fixed Valkyr's Ripline with the Swingline Augment incorrectly costing energy while airborne in Höllvania missions.
Fixed performance issues caused by Oraxia's Webbed Embrace when used with Zephyr's Airburst.
Fixed enemies in Oraxia's Webbed Embrace being sped up infinitely by Nova's Molecular Prime.
Fixed Drifter being unable to move in the Dormizone Captura scene.
Fixed Drifter being invisible in the Central Mall Backroom Captura scene.
Fixed material issues with the Arachna Armor Set.
Fixed Dojo Decorations stuck in a broken state caused by the "Fund All Decorations" system.
We fixed this issue in 38.0.4, but those affected before the fix were still in a broken state until now!
Fixed Clients not seeing Oraxia's Prex card in Isleweaver missions if the Host already picked it up.
Fixed Slash Mods appearing in the "loaner" build for the Spinnerex in Duviri, despite the weapon not having any Slash stats.
Fixed Scyotid's alternate fire listing an incorrect range in the Arsenal.
It has been updated to indicate the actual 15m range. This was just a UI issue.
Fixed a potential memory leak when inviting another player to your Backroom.
Fixed the Dormizone having a 10 second countdown to enter from the Navigation Menu if matchmaking is set to Public.
Fixed the Caliban and Ember Prex cards no longer spawning in their pick-up locations.
Fixed Nova's Nullstar doing 15x the intended damage in Conclave.
Fixed the right shoulder of the Atlas Karst Skin disappearing in various market dioramas.
Fixed the Normal Office Chair decoration being sorted in the Ayatan Treasure category.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.4
**Date:** 2025-07-03T15:02:01Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Dreamer's Bond is now unsellable, as it is required to complete Junction Tasks.
If you unintentionally sold or dissolved your Dreamer's Bond, please contact our support team to have it returned to you.
Optimized server load from 1999 Calendar Challenges.
Inbox attachments will no longer show the number of owned blueprints, as it was leading players to think they received more items than were attached to the message.
Improved spotloading when tabbing through Inventory categories.

### Fixes
Fixed missing Velimir & Minerva KIM conversation after completing all Isleweaver Fragments.
Fixed health modifiers from Steel Path and Archimedea missions applying twice to The Fragmented Boss enemies.
Fixed all Mods being unequipped after Upgrading a Mod equipped on an Exalted Weapon via the Loadout sidebar in Navigation.
Fixed the "Crouch Button is Toggle" causing Oraxia to end bullet jumps in a long slide with Silken Stride active.
Fixed the "Visit Maroo's Bazaar on Mars" Phobos Junction task not specifying that players must talk to Maroo to complete it.
Fixed a rare case of the "Fund All Decorations" option leaving Dojo Decorations in a broken state.
We are currently working on a retroactive fix for those that got in a bad state before this Hotfix.
Fixed various issues with the Hildryn Sarcostema Skin, at the artist's request:
Fixed the helmet appearing darker than the body.
Adjusted the rigging on the helmet "whiskers" to behave more like the Spicularis series by the same artist. 
Fixed the tendrils on the back of the head appearing to float — now they look more like hair, as intended.
Fixed various Junction tasks not tracking progress if completed in a Dojo.
Fixed the Thalys' icon in the Arsenal displaying its Incarnon form.
Fixed the default energy color of various Octavia skins changing depending on which helmet was equipped.
Also fixed the Octavia Prime helmet not properly inheriting tints from equipped skins.
Fixed cases of the Operator appearing in the Transference Chair if the Drifter is selected after completing a Quest that features the Operator (The War Within, etc.).
Fixed appearing instead of the icon for Block input in the Melee Combo screen.
Fixed the Spinnerex Blade and Scyotid Gauntlet being tradeable.
Fixed a small dot appearing on the screen with the Quick Access Wheel opened.
Fixed a script error when installing Ayatan Stars into multiple Ayatan Treasures in quick succession.
Fixed a script error when petting Krubies in Duviri.
Fixed a script error when opening Chests in Duviri.
Fixed a script error related to Hydroid's Tempest Barrage.
Fixed a script error when casting Kullervo's Recompense.
Fixed a script error in the Railjack Customization screen.
Fixed a rare crash after completing a mission.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.3
**Date:** 2025-06-27T20:05:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Archwing Launcher Segment Refund:
Tenno who purchased the Archwing Launcher Segment from the Market after Techrot Encore's launch have been refunded their Platinum.
Improved the HUD element for increased Warcry Armor during Hysteria, as it was causing confusion.
Previously, Warcry would have an Armor Buff icon in the HUD, and Hysteria would display an additional HUD icon indicating that Armor Buff was tripled. Now, we've combined the two into one neat HUD icon. 
End result: when Hysteria is cast with Warcry active, the HUD icon will properly display +150% Armor Buff.

### Fixes
Fixed the Pause Menu button causing players to exit Faceoff missions into the Matchmaking Menu, resulting in a loss of function.
Fixed certain Rifle Rivens appearing as generic "Rifle" Riven when chatlinked.
Fixed Yareli being unable to damage The Fragmented Duet at the end of Isleweaver while she is on Merulina.
Fixed Caliban's Lethal Progeny not always following Caliban if Razor Gyre is spammed with the Razor Mortar Augment equipped.
Fixed Caliban's Razor Mortar not consistently applying Electricity damage if his Ability Strength is 300% or higher.
Fixed Valkyr being unable to perform finishers on certain Murmur enemies while in Hysteria.
Fixed Vor being affected by Banshee's Silence. Makes sense for a guy who just can't seem to shut up...
Fixed purchases not immediately updating Clan Progress in the Dominus Thrax screen in the Dormizone.
Fixed Oraxia being able to wall-latch on moving elements, such as the Arctic Eximus bubble.
Fixed the Arca Plasmor Arcosolium Skin having a duplicate mesh.
Fixed more [PH] tags in the Extractor deploy menu.
Fixed cases of incorrect pop-up messages appearing when using the Mass Contribution to Decorations system in a Dojo Room.
Fixed the Ability Screen no longer showing inputs when hovering over Ability descriptions.
Fixed various offset issues with the Citrine Aphrodita Skin and the Corazon Syandana.
Fixed emissive tint channel issues on the Arachna Armor Set.
Fixed debug VFX sometimes appearing in the Oraxia fight.
Fixed adding a large number of Clan members to the "Allow Unrestricted Decorating" list causing the menu to become inaccessible.
Also fixed the scrollbar extending off the screen if there are many Clan members in the list.
Fixed Allow Unrestricted Decorating sometimes not changing decorating permissions.
Fixed Dojo decoration previews having low exposure if players use light-colored UI themes.
Fixed various emissive, material, and rigging issues with the Hildryn Sarcostema Skin following artist feedback.
Fixed missing Oraxia Ability videos.
Fixed Scyotid's Gauntlet and Barrel blueprints being tradeable.
Fixed a rare crash when entering an Open Landscape from its Hub.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.2
**Date:** 2025-06-26T20:33:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Missed Note From Yareli Prime Update:
Rebalanced the Zealoid Prelate fight:
Fixed Steel Path modifiers applying twice to the Zealoid Prelate, making the fight a lot tougher than intended.
Reduced the amount of bonus Health the boss gains based on the number of players in the Squad from 1/2.5/5/6x to 1/1.33/1.66/2x respectively.
Dominus Thrax's store now properly displays how many Arcanes each purchase is for in the Vendor screen.
The Mission Tutorial Transmissions toggle now applies to all missions in the Zariman Ten-Zero, and to transmissions in the "Help Clem" weekly mission.
Adjusted the SFX loop on Valkyr's Hysteria following player feedback. 
Note: We are continuing to review all other constructive feedback related to the Valkyr Rework as the community plays with her changes.

### Fixes
Fixed Oraxia's Mercy's Kiss icon lingering over dead enemy heads for Clients.
Fixed held Techrot Cache keys not working after a Host Migration.
Fixed Saved Settings option in Captura setting all values to the minimum values, resulting in players seeing dark screens attempting to Load Saved Settings.
Players who created new Saved Settings after Isleweaver may have to re-do them. Apologies, Tenno!
Fixed NPC Visitors in Dojos not always being instantly "invited" if players use the "Auto Contribute from Vault" feature.
Fixed an unintentional line break in one of Lettie's KIM conversations.
Fixed a [PH] in the new "Claim and Redeploy" option in the Extractors screen.
Fixed cases of Oraxia being teleported out of bounds into the Höllvania Central Mall ceiling when leaving the Backroom.
Fixed invited players sometimes getting stuck out of bounds when the Host leaves the Backroom via the door to Höllvania Central mall.
Fixed incorrect holster offsets for the Scyotid.
Fixed inconsistent Sugatra offsets on the Rubillon Heavy Scythe Skin.
Fixes towards misaligned Elemental VFX on the Rubillon Heavy Scythe Skin.
Fixed the Phelonyx Parazon Skin description incorrectly indicating that players do not own a Parazon.
Fixed missing VFX flare on Vor's electrical orbs.
Fixed Arcosolium Arca Plasmor Skin not correctly being attributed to Apollo Phoenix.
Fixed the Styanax Prex, Gyre Prex, and Dante Prex laying down in their decoration preview diorama.
Fixed a script error caused by Oraxia's passive.
Fixed a script error caused by The Unseeing Herald's laser ability.
Fixed an issue when attempting to Rank Up in the Kahl's Garrison Syndicate.
Fixed a script error when attempting to donate to an Alliance or Allied Clan.
Fixed a script error caused by the radial damage from Grendel's Hearty Nourish.
Fixed a script error if the host moves a Decoration while you're visiting their Base of Operations.
Fix a script error in Alchemy missions.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## PC: Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.1
**Date:** 2025-06-26T14:26:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Isleweaver: Hotfix 39.0.1:
Updated the Arbitrations tooltip to reflect its new unlock mechanic. 
Also updated the Arbitration Honors vendor to explain the correct mechanic.
Increased Oraxia's Silken Stride bonus Toxin damage from 25% to 40%.
The HUD mistakenly showed 75% when the actual effect was only 25%. In addition to fixing the incorrect UI value, we decided to give this ability an extra boost.
Improved the targeting of mini orbs spawned during the Captain Vor fight.
Fixed the electrical orbs spawned in the Captain Vor fight being invisible and invincible to Clients.
Fixed the electrical orbs not applying an intended nullifying effect to Clients. 
Also fixed their mini orbs not nullifying Hosts or Clients.
Fixed the electrical orbs having a blueish tint.

### Fixes
Fixed players not properly receiving a Weapon Slot from the Junction Calibration inbox, causing cases of "Invalid Inventory Slots" pop-up for some when they attempted to claim an item from the Foundry.
Tenno should now see their Weapon Slot count properly increase by 1 upon login. This issue applied to all players who received the Weapon Slot via the inbox, but was most obvious for those with all Weapon Slots filled. 
Fixed players who unlocked the Pluto Junction (but not the Sedna Junction) being prevented from starting The War Within Quest. 
This Quest was moved with the Junction rework, but the actual key was not retroactively delivered. Affected players should see an inbox message with the Quest key upon login.
Fixed an issue where the Accessibility option "Fire Manual Trigger Weapons Continuously" used the Controller value, even when playing with Keyboard and Mouse.
Fixed sections of the Customize Keybinding screen appearing blank if the game resolution is not 16:9.
Fixed being unable to complete Thalys' Evolution V Incarnon Challenge.
Fixed Thalys' Evolution IV Incarnon Challenge progressing without any Incarnon Activations.
Fixed cases of Oraxia being able to get out of bounds with Silken Stride. 
Fixed radiation Status Effects from Nyx's Chaos not being counted for Arcane Universal Fallout.
Fixed issues with the Scyotid alt-fire for Clients. 
Fixed Oraxia's Mercy's Kiss causing Thrax enemies to enter their spectral form and break.
Fixed a large hitch when viewing Warframe Abilities via the Arsenal in the Dormizone.
Fixed being unable to equip the Mask of the Lost One during the Mask of the Revenant quest.
Fixed a crash caused by Oraxia's Silken Stride.
Fixed offset issues with the Corazon Syandana.
Fixed missing Incarnon Form stats in the Arsenal for the Thalys if Evolution I has not yet been unlocked.
Fixed the Thalys having incorrect offsets for Nova with the Kaya Gemini Skin equipped.
Fixed incorrect VFX positioning on the Thalys.
Fixed incorrect Incarnon Form mesh on the Thalys.
Fixed certain Syandanas being available in the "Deluxe Skins" category of the Market.
Now they're listed with the rest of the Syandanas, where they belong!
Fixed the Voruna Prex Card laying flat in its decoration preview diorama. 
Fixed the Coda Mire retaining some techrot elements with the Oscira and Frysta Longsword skins equipped.
Fixed default Scimitar appearing in the diorama of the Hunhow's Gift bundle. 
Fixed the incorrect music playing in the login screen.
Fixed loss of function when attempting to add Fish to a Fish Tank.
Fixed instances of being unable to destroy a Dojo room.
Fixed a script error when a trade request is denied.
Fixed a script error at the end of the first mission in the Angels of Zariman quest.
Fixed script error when adding a note to a Friend in the Friends list.
Fixed a script error caused by Oraxia's Webbed Embrace.
Fixed a script error caused by Oraxia's Widow's Brood.
Fixed a script error caused by the Mod Capacity warning pop-up when Upgrading installed Mods
Fixed a script error when randomizing Kubrow tints when no gene masking kits are owned.
Fixed a script error when viewing a Clan's Profile from the Alliance menu.
For list of known issues for Isleweaver that are on our radar, visit our dedicated thread:

## Update 39: Isleweaver
**Date:** 2025-06-25T15:02:59Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Light the flame of eternal love with Citrine Aphrodita. The Citrine Aphrodita Collection contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Embrace the eternal bond between love and war with Citrine Aphrodita. There are no roses without thorns.
The skin also features deluxe VFX for her Preserving Shell and Prismatic Gem abilities.
Reap enemies and steal hearts as you sweep through the battlefield with this Citrine Aphrodita's signature heavy scythe skin.
Delicate blooms framed by vicious thorns warn: beauty can still be deadly. Citrine Aphrodita's signature syandana.
Citrine Aphrodita inspires epics of undying devotion with this graceful signature Signa.
Leave lingering sparks in the hearts of all you encounter with Citrine Aphrodita's signature ephemera.
Thank you to our friends at SUMO Digital for bringing Citrine Aphrodita to life!
Stalk your prey through the floating islands of Duviri with the new Oraxia Bundle! It contains the following items, which can all be purchased separately:
Sinister grace interwoven with lethal versatility; the evolution of a perfect predator. Fear's name is Oraxia.
Bare your fangs and strike fear into the hearts of your prey with this alternate helmet for Oraxia.
The blueprint for this helmet will be added to the Nightwave Cred Store with a future Nora's Mix Volume.
Go on the hunt with Oraxia's signature secondary. Fling a volley of toxin-laced barbs, or drop a cluster snare that scatters on impact, seizing nearby enemies and dragging them together.
Each lash of Oraxia's whip injects its victim with a dose of deadly toxin. Upon death, afflicted enemies have a chance to burst, damaging nearby enemies and spreading the poison.
The chitinous spines of Oraxia's armor lend a menacing aura to any Warframe. Includes the Arachna Chest, Leg and Arm Armor.
Surround yourself with the growing dread of Oraxia's presence.
Oraxia's creeping crawlers are pleased to make the Orbiter their hunting ground.
Everybody will know your name with this assortment of looks for the Operator and Drifter, featuring familiar hairstyles from the regulars of the Round Table Pub. The 1999 Round Table Salon Pack contains the following hairstyles, which can all be purchased separately.
Blow their minds with Flare's signature hairstyle.
Stay stylish even during the worst of international incidents.
Casual. Cool. Velimir's signature hairstyle is no muss, no fuss.
The messy bun of a genius with far more important things to worry about.
A berserker's fury fills the air. Corpus, Grineer, Infested: torn pare by pare. Intrepid claws, raw and wild, writhing countless foes, until naught that's left is the silence following their deathly throes. This is Valkyr's rework, and it's here now!
Valkyr's rework focuses on her core identity: the rage of a berserker. She's receiving a top-to-bottom ability refresh, including an updated Passive that leans into a new mechanic: Rage. With this, we intend to capture the essence of reckless commitment. No breaks allowed.
To assist players in revisiting their Valkyr builds following these changes, an Inbox message containing 1 Forma (built) will be sent to all players with Isleweaver's release!
2 Built Forma: 10.00%
10 Aya: 10.00%
1 Orokin Catalyst Blueprint: 8.00%
1 Orokin Reactor Blueprint: 8.00%
1 Exilus Warframe Adapter: 8.00%
1 Exilus Weapon Adapter: 8.00%
24-Hour Credit Booster: 7.00%
24-Hour Resource Booster: 7.00% 
24-Hour Resource Drop Chance Booster: 7.00%.
24-Hour Affinity Booster: 7.00% 
24-Hour Mod Drop Chance Booster: 7.00% 
10 Universal Medallions: 4.00% 
1 Built Omni Forma: 2.50%
1,000 Ducats: 2.00%
15,000 Endo: 2.00%
35,000 Kuva: 2.00%
1 Legendary Core: 0.50%
5% drop chance + 4% drop chance increase per opened Void Surplus.
Like all other cosmetics, this Signa can only be obtained once.
"No need for waterworks, Drippy is here to help!"
With the popularity of the limited TennoCon 2024 Syandana, we wanted to give players access to a Syandana that hits that same tactical backpack style but with a new look! This Syandana is a permanent addition to Varzia's wares and can be purchased at any time.
Since this is a reimagining of the TennoCon 2024 Syandana, players who had purchased the TennoCon 2024 Digital Pack will be receiving the K.O.L. Drippy-Assisted Tactical Syandana for free when they login.
The Peely Pix featured on the Syandana are by community artists Nelosart, bugbreach, Darika, Freyaloi and DasterCreations!

### Changes
Firstly, Valkyr's base Health and Armor stats are being increased to provide her with over double the effective Health points. The stats below are at base value.
Valkyr Health: 650 from 270
Valkyr Armor: 855 from 630
Valkyr Prime Health: 650 from 270
Valkyr Prime Armor: 1000 from 735
Valkyr accumulates Rage when killing enemies, increasing her Melee Damage up to 300%. She consumes her Rage (if above 150% in the Rage meter) to prevent death and become invulnerable briefly.
Gain Rage on Melee Kill and Melee Hit. Gain up to 300% Melee Damage based on real-time (i.e., no 'snapshotting') Rage amount.
Kills grant a small amount of Rage.
Assists build Rage—i.e., if Valkyr has Melee struck an enemy, but the kill is secured by another player, Valkyr will earn Rage.
Finisher Kills and Mercy Kills grant a larger amount of Rage.
Melee hits grant the least amount of Rage, but can be triggered multiple times per enemy.
Rage stops decaying briefly whenever you gain Rage.
Rage % slowly decays over time without Rage generation.
Consumes all Rage when dealt lethal damage if the Rage meter is at 150% or above, preventing death and giving Valkyr 5 seconds of invulnerability.
Death prevention has no cooldown; simply return to above 150% in the Rage meter to be able to prevent death again!
Rip Line has received adjustments to better accommodate playstyles that seek fast-paced traversal options, alongside increased flexibility in ability cancellation and further enemy grouping capabilities.
Rip Line no longer cancels until Valkyr reaches the end of the line.
Rip Line's speed and ease-of-use have been updated, with the goal of providing a smoother experience.
Double Jump usage is reset upon using Rip Line.
Rip Line can be cancelled by jumping (or pressing melee) during use.
Jumping during Rip Line adds a small, temporary momentum boost to the player's movement mid-air.
Rip Line's cast when targeting an enemy will pull Valkyr towards that enemy and group enemies within a 9m radius around her upon reaching her target.
Valkyr will automatically use a Melee attack when arriving at her target.
The radius for Rip Line's grouping scales with Ability Range.
Updated Rip Line's cast and impact SFX.
Warcry is receiving only minor adjustments, as the ability already fits the bill in her reworked kit. However, Warcry will now be able to buff allies who lose her Warcry buff, alongside additional quality of life tuning!
Warcry can now be recast.
Warcry's base duration increased to 20 seconds from 15 seconds.
Ability effects spread to allies within Affinity Range (50m, previously 25m)
Players can re-acquire Warcry's effects when re-entering Valkyr's Affinity Range. If you die or get nullified, you can return to Valkyr to refresh Warcry!
Warcry no longer slows enemies—it's been moved to Paralysis!
Warcry has received a new casting animation and updated visual effects.
Warcry can now be cast while moving.
Paralysis now brings additional functionality to double down on the ability to weaken your foes, while reconfiguring it from costing Shields to Energy.
Enemies struck by Paralysis receive a base 50% Melee Damage Vulnerability.
Melee Damage Vulnerability scales with Ability Strength.
Enemies and enemy health bars will receive VFX to indicate their vulnerability when the player actively uses any Melee weapon.
Enemies struck by Paralysis are slowed by a base 30%.
The slow scales with Ability Strength.
Shield cost has been removed. Casting Paralysis now costs 25 Energy.
Since there's no Shield cost anymore, a base 400 Impact Damage was added to compensate.
Paralysis has been updated with an upper-body animation to ensure movement isn't interrupted when casting.
Paralysis's VFX was updated to appear radial rather than conal.
Paralysis's previous line of sight check has been updated to our modern version to improve hit-detection reliability.
The staple of her kit, Hysteria, pulls together the fantasy of her berserker theme. Now, combined with her new Passive, Hysteria will utilize her Rage to deliver hysterical destruction to any foe in your path.
Hysteria's Invulnerability has been removed, as Valkyr now triggers invulnerability through her Passive.
With this change, the Self-Reflection damage part of Hysteria has been completely removed. In other words, you can no longer die specifically from deactivating Hysteria while enemies are nearby. 
Armor gained from Warcry is increased by 3x during Hysteria for Valkyr.
Currently, Valkyr has one of the highest Armor stats, with room to acquire much more, but that Armor became meaningless with Hysteria's invulnerability. Here, we aim to amplify Valkyr's Armor capabilities, combined with her death prevention while above 50% of the Rage meter and Life Steal improvements.
Valkyr is immune to Status Effects while Hysteria is active.
Energy Drain caps at 5 Energy per second instead of 15.
Healing from Hysteria's Life Steal is now 100 Health per hit.
Health gained scales with Ability Strength.
Updated Hysteria's SFX.
Valkyr's Talons/Hysteria Melee Stance has received various adjustments to accommodate improved mobility, damage and forced Status Effects on her attacks during Hysteria.
Combo attacks and animations have been updated to remove sudden stops, ensuring mobility is maintained while attacking (e.g., the Fervor Combo no longer stops player movement on the 3rd and 4th hits).
Guaranteed Slash Status Effects have been added to several attacks in her Combos (excluding her Slide Attack).
The Combos receiving Slash Status Effects during certain attacks are:
Fervor (Neutral Combo)
Rage (Forward Combo)
Delirium (Neutral Block Combo)
Rise From Ashes (Heavy Attack Combo)
Several Combos have received increased Combo Counter gain on attacks:
Fervor (Neutral Combo)
Old: 1/1/1/1/1/1
New: 1/1/2/2/2/3
Delirium (Neutral Block Combo)
Old: 1/1/1/1
New: 1/1/2/2
Rage (Forward Combo)
Old: 1/1/1/1
New: 2/3/3/3
Madness (Forward Blocking Combo)
Old: 1/1/1/1/1/1
New: 2/2/2/2/3/3
Several damage multipliers in her Combos increased up to 300%.
Hysteria's attacks received an increased base Attack Range to 2.15m from 1.7m.
Hysteria IPS is now only Slash (75%) and Puncture (25%)—Impact damage and weighting have been removed entirely.
Impact felt less useful in Hysteria's damage distribution, as our goal was to emphasize the essence of Valkyr's damage-dealing destructive capabilities.
New Augment Mods for Kullervo, Citrine, Caliban, and Jade are available to acquire from the Faction Syndicates!
Stats below shown at Max Rank.
Recompense Augment: Daggers whirl in a ring around Kullervo for 25 seconds, slashing nearby foes and dealing Blast Damage and Status Effect before returning to the ring.
Available in New Loka and Steel Meridian offerings.
Prismatic Gem Augment: The gem now attaches to your free-moving companion. Passive: +50% Prismatic Gem Duration.
Available in Red Veil and Steel Meridian offerings.
Razor Gyre Augment: Enemies hit with Razor Gyre are grouped together. Ortholysts summoned by Lethal Progeny launch coordinated strikes upon grouped enemies with 70% Electricity Damage and Fire Rate for 6 seconds.
Available in Cephalon Suda and Perrin Sequence offerings.
Light's Judgment Augment: Enemies damaged by Jade's light well have a 5% chance per hit to spawn a Jade Light above them, damaging them for 3 seconds.
Available in Arbiters of Hexis and Red Veil offerings.
Junctions are vital tools to guide players through the Star Chart, and ensure they learn some of Warframe's fundamentals. Since their introduction with Specters of the Rail in 2016, we've adjusted their Specters, rewards, and tasks over various updates. The Isleweaver update brings a UI refresh and other quality of life changes.
Junctions offer much information, but players cannot interact with the UI itself. Clicking on a Junction would enter a player into the Junction itself, meaning there was little opportunity for on-hover tooltips or additional information to be provided to players.
Players can no longer enter Junctions when all tasks are not completed.
While players would not be able to fight the Specter, entering Junctions early only confused players; now, you can only enter when you're ready for the Specter showdown. 
This change shipped with Techrot Encore, but we're including here for a wider view of all Junction changes.
Improved on-hover tooltips for tasks and rewards and overall more space to display important information to players.
Interacting with a Completed Junction will now take you to the connecting planet. Players can still open the Junction screen with the input shown in the UI. 
Incomplete Junctions now display how many tasks remain in the Star Chart.
Junction Reward + Task Changes
Alongside the UI refresh, we've revisited many Junction tasks to close gaps in player teachings — most importantly, we have changed how rewards are received from Junctions.
Players who have already completed certain Junctions will receive the following rewards in their Inbox on login:
The Junction path has been adjusted with linear progression in mind. We're building on the Star Chart changes from Techrot Encore (reduction of nodes to complete and de-prioritization of the Europa and Ceres Junctions) to help guide players towards completing the Main Story. Tasks have been reworked to help explain key parts of the Warframe experience — ex: equipping and upgrading Mods, and using the Foundry.
Venus Junction
Junction Tasks:
Junction Completion Rewards:
Furis (was: Furis Blueprint)
15,000 Credits (was: 5000 Credits)
* We have also made changes to Taxon's crafting costs, which we cover in the "Other Junction-Related Changes" section!
Mercury Junction
Junction Tasks:
Removed Task:
Complete 6 waves of Defense at Tessera on Venus in a single mission.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Boltor 
20,000 Credits (was: 10,000 Credits)
Quests Unlocked:
Once Awake
Howl of the Kubrow
*We have also made changes to Rhino's crafting costs, which we cover in the "Other Junction-Related Changes" section!
Mars Junction
Junction Tasks:
Removed Task:
Collect 250 Rubedo in missions
Junction Completion Rewards:
Fragor
25,000 Credits (was: 10,000 Credits)
Quests Unlocked:
The Archwing
Heart of Deimos
Jupiter Junction
Junction Tasks:
These revised tasks guide players to master their Parkour mechanics, as the Gas City tileset is especially parkour-heavy.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Amphis Blueprint 
30,000 Credits
Saturn Junction
Junction Tasks:
Removed Task:
Defeat Alad V at Themisto (Jupiter)
Players already have to complete this Node to access the Junction, so we've swapped this task for something more instructional.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Penta Blueprint
40,000 Credits 
Quest unlocked: The Deadlock Protocol
Uranus Junction
Junction Tasks:
Removed Tasks:
Open 1 Meso Void Relic
We moved tasks teaching players how to open Void Relics to Optional Junctions (see the section below), as Relics are not critical for the main story path. 
Learn how to perform Synthesis
This task was moved to the Europa Junction as it is not critical to the main story path.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Lecta Blueprint
40,000 Credits 
Quest unlocked: The Duviri Paradox
Players also receive a taunting inbox from Tyl Regor once they unlock the Uranus Junction to direct them towards his node, and introduce him as a character.
Neptune Junction
Junction Tasks:
These tasks are relatively unchanged, as they encourage exploration of the Grineer Sealab tileset in preparation for Natah and The Second Dream.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Gammacor Blueprint
80,000 Credits
Quest unlocked: The Second Dream
Pluto Junction
Junction Tasks:
Junction Completion Rewards:
Drakgoon Blueprint
80,000 Credits
Quest unlocked: The War Within
The War Within was moved from the Sedna Junction due to the Junction path restructuring.
Eris Junction
Junction Tasks:
Junction Completion Rewards:
Mire Blueprint
100,000 Credits
Quest unlocked: Patient Zero
Sedna Junction
The Sedna Junction has been moved from Pluto to Eris to reinforce linear progression for the Main Path.
Junction Tasks:
Junction Completion Rewards:
Fang Blueprint
100,000 Credits
Quest unlocked: Hidden Messages
The following Junctions are "Optional" as they are not critical to the Main Story path. As such, we've reorganized their Tasks to focus on important content that isn't essential for the journey to 1999 (and beyond), but are still vital for players to know about in their Warframe journey.
Phobos Junction
Junction Tasks:
These revised tasks teach players about Void Relics.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Kraken blueprint
20,000 Credits
Quest unlocked: Stolen Dreams
Note: the Orokin Catalyst from the Phobos Junction has been moved to the Eris Junction, since this Junction is no longer required for main story progress.
Ceres Junction
Junction Tasks:
These revised tasks teach players about Ayatan Sculptures and Syndicates.
Removed Tasks:
Open 3 Lith Void Relics
This was moved to the Phobos Junction to keep all Void Relic tasks in the same spot. 
Defeat The Sergeant at Iliad (Phobos)
Junction Completion Rewards:
Vulkar blueprint
20,000 Credits
Europa Junction
Junction Tasks:
Removed Tasks:
Complete Exterminate Mission at Teshub (Void)
Due to the restructuring of the Junction path, this Node requires the Phobos Junction to access it.
Junction Completion Rewards:
Cestra blueprint
30,000 Credits
While the Star Chart node completion made sense for the initial launch of Arbitrations, the addition of Steel Path meant players unlocked content of varying difficulty from the same mechanic. Arbitrations are widely recommended for players to complete to prepare for the Steel Path, so we're giving them access to it earlier.
Since players are now asked to build Taxon in the Venus Junction, we've made the following changes to a) make crafting Taxon easier, and b) allow players to gain access to their Sentinel sooner.
Removed Polymer Bundle from the Taxon Blueprint.
Reduced build time from 24 hours to 1 minute.
Rhino's material requirements are being revamped to only require resources from Earth and Venus as building a Rhino Component is now a requirement for the early Junction tasks.
Main Blueprint: 1 Neurode (was 1 Gallium)
Neuroptics: 150 Alloy Plates, 1 Neurode (was 1 Morphics), 150 Polymer Bundle, 500 Rubedo 
Chassis: 450 Circuits (was 1 Morphics), 1000 Ferrite, 300 Rubedo
Systems: 500 Ferrite, 250 Circuits, 100 Polymer Bundle, 400 Rubedo
Was 1 Gallium, 1 Morphics, 500 Salvage, 600 Plastids
Captain Vor, master of the Janus Key, has received a rework. Since he is a new Tenno's first introduction to Warframe bosses, our goal is to make his fight more dynamic without being too punishing for new players. This write-up is dedicated to the Normal Path version of his fight; he may have a few more tricks up his sleeve for those who focus.
To start off, he's got a new fancy arena — when players enter the door, they'll meet him face-to-face. In this new tile, players will see his new and reworked abilities in a better light:
Electricity grenades: His nervos grenades now spawn actual arc spheres that deal electricity in a wide area.
Electrical pylons: Vor uses the Janus key to summon a beam of electricity which will target players, similar to the mechanic seen in the Awakening Quest.
Shield: Vor's health is broken into four segments. Upon losing one segment of health, he'll cloak himself in the familiar shield orb and spawn reinforcements to protect him.
Teleport: Largely unchanged, but with some visual updates to indicate where he teleported to.
After losing half of his health (2 health segments), Vor will teleport deeper into his lair. Players will have to navigate tunnels armed with electrical traps to find him. These manifest as simple laser puzzles that players have to parkour through, and are designed to keep new players in mind. Hitting the lasers deals electrical damage, but players won't be overly punished should they not traverse them perfectly.
Once you make it through the tunnel, Vor will be waiting on a series of platforms elevated over an electrified pool. The second half of the fight takes place here, where Vor will unleash a few extra tricks up his sleeve:
Void Key Beam: This beam will swipe across the room, requiring players to jump to avoid it.
Electrical Orbs: (on his final health state) Vor summons an electrical orb above the platform he's standing on, which will zap anyone nearby. Players can shoot at these orbs to destroy them.
We've added Arcanes to the end of mission rewards in the Vor fight on the Steel Path. Defeat him for a guaranteed Arcane from the following list
Arcane Battery
Arcane Power Ramp 
Arcane Blessing 
Arcane Steadfast
Primary Obstruct 
Cascadia Flare
Secondary Surge 
Melee Vortex
We also added new Accolade Glyphs for Tenno who display certain feats of strength in the Vor fight (wink wink nod nod). Designed by Community Artist Kedemel.
In April, we ran a New Player Gear Experiment for a small group of iOS players. This experiment sought to learn how providing new Tenno with additional starting gear might affect their journey through the Origin System. This experiment has concluded, and we are applying our learnings to All Platforms:
All new players who complete the Awakening Quest for the first time will receive a built version of either the Paris or the Braton (whichever one they did not choose during the first stage of Awakening).
The Alternate Primary Weapon will automatically be in the new player's Arsenal upon completing Awakening.
Natah is a player's first real step into Warframe's main quest line, but this entry point into the story can be abrupt and even confusing.
Previously, players would have to scan Oculysts on Uranus to trigger this Quest. Since this Quest is now automatically unlocked after The Archwing, that requirement is gone. Now, players will progress immediately to the "Scan the New Drones" mission on Gaia (Earth) step, with some added tutorialization for scanning:
The Lotus will now tell players to equip their scanners before starting the mission.
The Lotus will now instruct players how to scan Oculysts if some time has passed without scans.
We've added a few other transmissions to this mission with the goal of offering a little more narrative context, as well!
Two of the main content requirements for The New War were Railjacks and Necramechs. We added loaner Necramechs in Techrot Encore since the Necramech segment didn't require robust Necramech builds, but the Railjack segments can be difficult for players who haven't invested in this system up until this point.
Since players can't exit the Quest to beef up their Railjack, we have buffed the Railjack's health, shields, and damage during these segments!
Missed Note from Techrot Encore: The Archwing Launcher has been added as a Quest Reward from The Archwing Quest.
The Archwing Launcher Segment research in Clan Dojos was removed and resources were refunded.
In addition to this change, Isleweaver has streamlined the process to start using your Archwing Launcher in Open Landscape missions:
Removed the Archwing Launcher Segment and Blueprint entirely. 
Players now receive the Archwing Launcher upon completing The Archwing Quest, meaning they're ready to equip it to their Gear Wheel immediately once they've acquired their Archwing.
Removed the Archwing Launcher Segment from the Market. 
For players who purchased the Archwing Launcher Segment for Platinum between Techrot Encore and Isleweaver's release, we will be refunding your Purchase. We'll update players once the script has been run.
Players now must complete The War Within before they can play The Rising Tide quest. This is due to a specific character only showing up in a cutscene once you've completed The War Within.
Players will no longer have to scan plants to earn their extracts. 
Now, plants like Moonlight Dragonlily and Ruk's Claw will have a "Hold to Collect" context action to pick them up in-mission. 
Oxylus' Botanist Precept has been changed to automatically pick any plants within 50m over 2s (at max rank). 
This also applies to the Silver Grove Quest, which requires players to collect certain plant resources to progress. The objective descriptions have been updated to specify "gathering" instead of "scanning". 
The scanning mechanic was overly complicated for new players, so this simplification should benefit Plant Extract gathering for Tenno across the board.
Players can now visit Cetus without having completed the Saya's Vigil Quest.
This removes the requirement to play Saya's Vigil to receive their Mote Amp from Onkko.
Also removed mention of Saya's Vigil from the Once Awake quest completion Inbox as it is no longer a Main Story quest.
Added a slight delay (0.5 seconds) to the Bailiff's charge attack. 
Removed the intro settings screen for new players.
This was added with The Duviri Paradox, but is since outdated. We're removing it so that players are encouraged to look at all available settings instead.
Players who load into the game for the first time will now be presented with custom launcher music to improve the transition from launcher to the Awakening opening cinematic.
The introductory Kuva Lich inbox message will now only be delivered once players meet all prerequisites to engage with Kuva Liches (i.e. have completed The War Within and Rising Tide quests, and are Mastery Rank 5).
Previously this was sent only upon The War Within completion, as the other prerequisites were required to reach that Quest. 
Updated the pop-up for newly-acquired Railjack Components to indicate where they can be inspected. 
Now reads: Inspect this recovered component in a Dry Dock (Clan Dojo or Saturn/Pluto Relay) to discover its statistics.
Added 10 new conversations to each of the original Hex members (Arthur, Aoi, Eleanor, Amir, Quincy, and Lettie).
These new conversations are available to players who have reached Loved or Best Friend status.
Players now have the option to reset the Protoframes per "group" upon the 1999 Calendar New Year.
When the 1999 Calendar resets, players will be presented the following options in their KIM window if they choose to Forget:
Forget The Hex (Arthur, Aoi, Eleanor, Amir, Quincy, and Lettie)
Forget The Roundtable (Flare, Kaya, Velimir & Minerva)
Forget All
Captura Changes
Added a Grid Lines (rule of thirds) toggle under the Camera settings!
Changed the confirm button while editing camera setting on controllers to the right thumbstick due to the previous binding overlapping with Select Scene.
Captura Fixes
Fixed unintentional text inputs in Captura's Select Scene search bar when accessed from the Captura Gearwheel.
Fixed Captura's "Show UI In Screenshots" always hiding the player's UI in screenshots, regardless of whether it's toggled on or not.
Fixed changing Gear Wheel items in the Arsenal in Captura opening the Quick Access wheel instead.
Fixed removing the last camera or all camera positions instead advances time.
Fixed being able to spawn enemies specifically via the Captura Quick Access wheel in scenes where enemies aren't allowed to be spawned (e.g., The Necralisk).
This restriction already existed with the original UI! However, the Quick Access Wheel was able to unintentionally bypass it.
Fixed selecting the "Spawn Enemies" option from the Captura Quick Access Wheel immediately moving the cursor into the enemy search field. 
Fixed Depth of Field settings not working when used from the Captura Quick Access Wheel.
(Missed note from Yareli Prime) Corrupted Holokeys are a guaranteed reward from Void Storm missions — players will earn 1 Corrupted Holokey from Void Storms, and an extra for Void Storms in the Veil Proxima (2 total). 
Made several improvements to the Helminth Feed UI to better communicate how the resources are being contributed. 
The popup while hovering over a resource will now indicate what type of Secretion it is and how much of it will be fed. Also added a "select" button callout.
Selected resources will now populate above the "Feed" button to show you what you have selected thus far.
Hovering over the resource icons will also tell you the percentage of secretion that will be achieved after feeding it to Helminth.
You can remove resources from the lineup of secretions by simply selecting the icon. 
Incarnon Adapters available in the current Steel Path Circuit rotation are now available for Platinum Purchase in Cavalero's store in the Chrysalith.
Purchasing these Incarnons for Platinum will reward players with both the Adapter and the required resources to install it. 
Added Limbo's Banish to the "Invert Tap/Hold Abilities" setting. 
You can now separately customize Charge reticle colors via the HUD Customization screen. 
We added this setting for Reload / Charge with Yareli Prime, but separated them out further after community feedback. Players can now customize Reload and Charge colors separately. 
Improved search term weighting so that item names have the highest priority — this is especially helpful for items whose names commonly appear in item descriptions, like Mag.
Adversary weapons with an Elemental Vice installed now have an Elemental Vice icon in the Arsenal/Inventory and in the on-hover tooltip.
Changed default aim sensitivity to mirror the values more commonly used by players on KBM and controller.
Reduced default aim sensitivity values from 50% to 20%
Reduced aim sensitivity range min value from 0.1 to 0.01
These changes will not affect your custom sensitivity settings. 
Sorties now use the newly added Weapon class subcategories (Precision Rifle, Bow/Crossbow, etc) when indicating a specific Modifier.
Added the ability to search for specific input bindings in the Customize Key Bindings options instead of having to browse through manually.
The following settings have been grouped into corresponding sub-menus. Open the parent category to open these options:
Controller Deadzone:
Left Stick Deadzone
Left Stick Axial Deadzone
Left Stick Maximum Input Threshold 
Right Stick Deadzone
Right Stick Axial Deadzone
Right Stick Maximum Input Threshold 
Trigger Press Threshold (Controller) 
Trigger Release Threshold (Controller) 
Legacy Aim Deadzone
Chat Visibility 
Show Region Chat
Show Questions & Answers Chat
Show Recruiting Chat
Show Trade Chat
Show Council Chat
Damage Numbers
Show Damage Numbers
Compact Damage Numbers
Damage Numbers Scale
Damage Numbers Opacity 
Bold Damage Numbers
Show Damage Numbers for Non-Player Allies
Character Highlighting 
Enemy Highlighting
Enemy Highlight Color
Enemy Highlight Intensity 
Ally Highlights
Self Highlight
Ally Highlight Color
Ally Highlight Intensity 
Players no longer need to equip the Sacred Vessel to their Gear Wheel in the Sands of Inaros Quest.
The Upgrade Screen now displays your Endo count (instead of only appearing once you entered the Enhance pop-up when enhancing a Mod).
As we detailed in Devstream #188, we are making changes to Melee Slam Attacks so the damage now scales with the Slam's height (ie. how far players were from the ground when they initiated the Slam). In their previous iteration, Melee Slams could be used in disruptive ways: slams could be repeatedly performed with a large radius and no energy cost, allowing a very powerful attack to be spammed with no downsides.
To address these concerns, we have adjusted Melee Slam Attacks as follows:
The radius of Melee Slam now scales with how high a Warframe is before initiating the slam.
When hitting an enemy precisely with a slam (by landing on or directly beside them), there should be no noticeable change even when starting near the ground.
Fixed how the Nira's Mod set effect interacts with Slam for damage calculations.
This buff used to be incorrectly applied twice, once for Slam attacks and once for Melee attacks, and it applied to itself multiplicatively — meaning +100% took 500 damage to 2,000 damage!
Nira's Mod set now only apply its bonus to Melee Slam Attacks.
We have changed it to be +150% (per Mod, there are 3 Mods so it can go to +450%), up from +100% per Mod (+300% max)
Reduced the visual effects of Melee Slam Attacks.
This should ensure that you can still see what is going on if someone in your party is slamming to kill everything that moves in Oraxia's Lair (totally fair reaction, by the way).
Unified the mesh and waypoint icon for in-world Arcane pickups. 
Previously, there were various different types of pickup meshes for in-world Arcane drops depending on its drop source. For example, the Techrot Safe would use the long stick-looking mesh, while the generic Mod mesh was used for Acolyctes, etc. Waypoints were also inconsistent in that some Arcanes had no waypoint or used a generic waypoint. 
Now, all dropped Arcanes use the same matching Arcane pickup mesh and Arcane waypoint! 
Made the following changes to Kaithes while in Durivi:
Player momentum when playing as either Warframe or Drifter is better maintained upon summoning your Kaithe. 
Added improved animations for mid-air Kaithe summoning to better maintain momentum.
Fixed Warframe's fading in alongside the Kaithe when summoned.
Rogue Culverin's explosions now deal Electricity Damage instead of the unintended Tau Damage. 
We're exploring adding Mandarin Voice Over to Warframe, starting with the Awakening and Vor's Prize Quests. Players on the Simplified Chinese Client will automatically have Mandarin voice over enabled as part of this test.
Players on the Simplified Chinese Client can swap between Mandarin and English Voice Over in the Audio Language settings of the launcher.
Feral Kubrows no longer have red eyes when attempting to intimidate nearby players.
Since update 38.6 removed their aggression, they no longer need to look so vicious when players get close. 
Updated Boon's skin shader! New skincare routine unlocked. 
Made improvements to the path following logic for most NPC units (enemies, Companions, etc.). 
Made improvements to NPCs to help them move on and off of elevators. 
Added GI lighting to some of Citrine's crystal projectors. 
Archwing Rush mission (Kepler, Phobos) now rewards 1500 Affinity for the destruction of a Transport Ship. 
Made improvements to water and snow displacement. 
Made improvements to throwing weapon animations to fix popping between mismatched poses and awkward head wobbling. 
Added "Randomize Colors" and "Default Colors" options to Kahl and Beast Companion customization screens. 
Increased Stalker's tankiness in Duviri and in the Jade Shadows Quest to be on par with the Warframe Stat overhaul from Update 34 (Abyss of Dagath).
Since the math applied to base stats was changed in U34, Stalker felt significantly squishier than Warframes in Duviri (and subsequently in Jade Shadows). We've updated his base stats so his in-mission values are as follows:
Health: 1554 (was 720)
Shield: 560 (was 300)
Armor: 135 (was 125)
Note: these changes only affect Playable Stalker. 
Nyx's Mind Control can no longer be cast on immortal enemies, notably those affected by Garuda's Blood Altar.
This was leading to cases of Mind Control targets having obscene amounts of Bonus Damage — over a billion percent, in certain situations. While big numbers are fun, sometimes they can in fact be too big. We've removed the ability to cast Mind Control on immortal targets to prevent further unintended interactions.
Reduced Tenet Envoy's projectile explosion SFX when using multishot.
Updated some of the Orokin windows with a new PBR shader. 
Changed the "Hold to Fuse" binding callout text in the Mod Menu to "Hold to Enhance".
As we have added quality of life changes to Mod upgrading, we've alternated between "Fuse" and "Enhance". This change unifies the phrasing across the game to avoid confusion, as "Fuse" is a remnant of the old Fusion Core system.
This also fixes issues with the binding callout text not being unified across KBM and controller. 
Made the following changes to Chroma's Guardian Armor Augment Mod:
Bleedout Reduction Mods now apply multiplicatively instead of additively, so players can never hit 100% Bleedout Reduction.
This change also removes the 90% Bleedout Reduction cap, which was causing issues with Last Gasp.
Updated Burgerfest Peely Pix's description to specify the healing amount for Allies and Defense targets, as they vary. 
Now reads: Enemies have a 5% / 10% / 15% chance of dropping Argon Burger Boxes that can be picked up to heal nearby allies by 10% and defense targets by 100. 
Kill and damage done by Caliban's Lethal Progeny Summons will now contribute towards the End of Mission stats.
(Missed note from previous update) Made the following changes to the Zealoid Prelate/Bastion fight:
Zealoid Prelate/Bastion will now react properly to more weapon types/damage mechanics. 
They were previously using outdated DPS thresholds which could make them very easy to kill with specific weapons that deal massive instantaneous damage (looking at you Kuva Hek). 
Reduced Zeloid Prelate's base Health from 11000 to 7500. 
Made the following changes to the Ambassador: 
Increased damage on auto fire from 24 to 29. 
Reduced ammo consumption of charged shot from 48 ammo to 16 ammo. 
Fixed every charged shot from doing both Impact and Radial damage in a 6 meter radius. 
This bug caused every shot to do roughly twice the damage over intended, so it was fixed to allow for the upgrades we made above!
Adjusted dialogue volume of all Technocyte Coda members. Updated the Evolution I description for the Innodem, Keratinos, Praedos, Ruvox to specify a single Heavy Attack with x Combo multiplier is required instead of the previously written "Heavy Attacks". 
Also updated Sarofang's Unique Trait description from "Heavy Attacks" to "Heavy Attack". 
Increased the Initial Combo from Evolution III Adept Reflexes perk from 15 to 20 for the Praedos and Ruvox. 
The goal with the change was to ensure that the perk can provide at least a full 2x damage.
Made performance improvements when volumetric fog is set to high.
Fixed performance issues caused by Gara's Mass Vitrify. 
Improved performance issues when opening the Void Relic and Inventory menus. 
Made tiny optimizations to launcher checks when no updated content is needed.
Made substantial memory optimizations to shader memory when using DirectX 11.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to DirectX 11 rendering.
Made small optimizations to memory footprint on all platforms.
Improved performance issues caused by Undercroft portal VFX.
Improved performance issues caused by Trauma Clamps in the Undercroft.
Made system memory optimizations for PC and Xbox platforms
Improved performance issues related to the End of Mission screen. 
Fixed performance issues caused by Kuva Ogris' explosion lights. 
Made optimizations to Nintendo Switch memory usage.
Fixed more cases of Quest spot-loading with a Dragon Key equipped. 
Took steps towards improving performance in Stage Defense missions. 
We continue to investigate other ways in which we can address performance issues in Stage Defense — thank you Tenno! 
Optimized game startup, particularly first boot after installing. 
Made a tiny optimization in game load time.
Optimized video loading in the Drifter Abilities and Railjack Intrinsics screens. 
Made optimizations to weapon selection segments of the Awakening Quest.
Made small optimizations to game startup time and memory footprint throughout the whole game. 
Fixed a memory leak when opening the map with Oxylus' Scan Matter equipped. This was causing the game to freeze for extended periods of time.

### Fixes
Return to Duviri in Isleweaver!
Return to the floating Kingdom of Duviri, a land of fables and stories, to push back the latest incursion of the Indifference! Major Neci Rusalka has resurfaced among the floating isles — and she's brought the Murmur with her. Equip your Warframes and embark into Duviri with your full Arsenal in an exciting new gameplay twist!
So much more has threaded its way into this update, including the new Incarnon Scythe Thalys, Valkyr's rework, new TennoGen, new Warframe Augment Mods (Kullervo, Citrine, Caliban and Jade), a plethora of New Player Experience changes, Quality of Life changes, new Hex KIM conversations, and a hearty list of fixes - turns out this web really can catch bugs.
Duviri's new tale is being told with your name written in its pages. Will you be triumphant, Drifter?
Update 39 is a Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Update 38.6.0: Yareli Prime is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the dedicated Isleweaver subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
We highly encourage you to read the entirety of the Isleweaver patch notes to learn the nitty gritty that's been wrapped into this update! But if you are looking for something in specific, simply CTRL+F the following keywords to jump to its dedicated section in the spoilers below:
Reveal hidden contents
New Duviri Node: Isleweaver 
Warframes in Duviri 
Isleweaver Node 
New Resources 
New Mini-Boss: Oraxia 
New Murmur Enemy: The Unseeing Herald 
Operation: Eight Claw (LIVE TODAY @ 11:30 AM ET) 
What You Need to Know
What You Need to Do 
Community Progress
Rewards
Clan Trophies 
New Warframe: Oraxia 
New Weapons
New Incarnon Heavy Scythe: Thalys 
New Whip Melee: Spinnerex 
New Secondary: Scyotid 
TennoGen Isleweaver 
Market Additions
Citrine Aphrodita Collection 
Oraxia Bundle
1999 Round Table Salon Pack
Valkyr Rework 
New Warframe Augment Mods 
Additions:
New Baro Ware: Void Surplus 
New Varzia Ware: K.O.L. Drippy-Assisted Tactical Syandana 
General additions 
New Player Experience Changes
Junction Rework
Captain Vor Rework 
Quest Changes 
Other New Player Experience Changes 
Quality of Life Changes
Dojo Changes & Additions 
KIM Changes & Additions 
Captura Improvements 
Misc. QOL Changes 
Melee Slam Attack Changes
General Changes
Performance & Optimizations 
Fixes 
Top Fixes 
UI Fixes 
Environment/Tileset Fixes 
Cosmetic Fixes 
Misc. Fixes 
Script Error & Crash Fixes
A familiar face, an unlikely ally. Dominus Thrax calls for aid — the Kingdom of Duviri has been invaded by the Murmur, led by the newly resurfaced Major Neci Rusalka. Don the Hero of Duviri mantle once more as you face off against this new threat.
While in the Isleweaver node, your Warframes take the spotlight. Select your loadout from the available equipment in Teshin's Cave, and gain access to them immediately upon stepping foot into Duviri. While Dominus Thrax has graciously allowed your Warframe into his Kingdom, Companions and Gear Items remain unwelcome in his realm.
As Gear cannot be used, the Gear Wheel input can be used instead to summon your Kaithe!
Duviri Objective
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Oraxia's Lair
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Summon The Fragmented
In lieu of the Orowyrm, face off against two of The Fragmented* at once to complete the Spiral.
Isleweaver offers the following guaranteed rewards upon completion:
Scuttler Husks (16-20 on Normal Path, 20-24 on Steel Path)
Pathos Clamps (10 on Normal Path, 15 on Steel Path)
5 Steel Essence (Steel Path Only)
Players also receive items from Oraxia's droptables, awarded upon opening the chest at the end of The Fragmented fight. Below is a list of key items that drop from Oraxia, but refer to the official Drop Tables Site for full details:
Oraxia main and Component Blueprints
Scyotid main and Component Blueprints
Spinnerex main and Component Blueprints 
Temporal Dust (new resource) 
Enigma Gyrum
Since this node mirrors The Lone Story, side objectives are not available to play. Keep on-mission, kiddo.
*Note: The Fragmented in Duviri have a separate drop table from their Deimos counterparts, meaning the Cavia Arcanes will not be obtainable from this fight.
The rest of Duviri must be protected from Major Neci Rusalka's hold. As such, The Triumph of Dust has been contained from the rest of the landscape. Players will be unable to journey to other parts of Duviri whilst playing the Isleweaver node.
While you can't explore the rest of Thrax's Kingdom in Isleweaver, there is still much to uncover. Secrets are littered throughout Scholar's Landing, tokens of Rusalka's influence. A keen eye (or ear) can suss them out.
Earned upon defeating The Fragmented at the end of the Isleweaver Spiral, Scuttler Husks can be exchanged for a variety of rewards.
Visit Dominus Thrax and/or Acrithis to spend your Scuttler Husks on the following:
Oraxia's Main and Component Blueprints
Scyotid's Main and Component Blueprints (Thrown Secondary) 
Spinnerex's Main and Component Blueprints (Whip Melee)
Thalys Incarnon Heavy Scythe Weapon Blueprint
Captura Scenes: 
Duviri Throne Room Scene
Octopede Arena Scene
Scholar's Landing Scene
Isleweaver Cloud Islet Scene
Isleweaver Drift Atoll Scene
The dust of decayed universes, rich in entropy. Entrati's research postulates it as the animating agent of the nightmarish Murmur.
Temporal Dust drops from The Murmur in the Isleweaver mission, and is a crafting component for new content introduced in this update.
"Oraxia. The Scholar's pet. I heard the Usurper imitating his voice. The spider is her servant now."
Successfully taking down Oraxia and her Scuttlers will earn you Scuttler Husks* to redeem with Dominus Thrax and/or Acrithis in the Dormizone for Oraxia's Blueprints, as well as Blueprints for her signature weapons — the Spinnerex Whip and Scyotid Secondary.
*Note: Scuttler Husks are awarded upon completion of the Isleweaver Spiral, similar to Kullervo's Bane.
The Unseeing Herald proclaims the will of the Indifference, uttering its twisted desires in Voidtongue. Who among us has heard its whispers?
You'll encounter this new Murmur enemy in the Isleweaver Duviri node. Much like the other Murmur enemies in Scholar's Landing, they drop Temporal Dust (a new resource used to craft Oraxia, her weapons, and the new Thalys Incarnon).
JUNE 25TH @ 11:30am ET
JULY 16TH @ 11:30pm ET
With the help of Dominus Thrax, venture back to Duviri and fight against new Murmur enemies to reach the depths of the island, but be warned of a deadly inhabitant — Oraxia — who stands in the way of your shot at holding back the Indifference.
Players will start in the familiar cave of Duviri but with a visitor — Dominus Thrax himself! To expedite the swift removal of Rusalka from the Kingdom of Duviri, Thrax is allowing you use of your Warframes in Duviri without restriction! Pick your loadout for the fight ahead and head through the portal.
You will face a pre-selected set of objectives to progress through the island, including a faceoff with Oraxia. The objective types are randomized per run, but each will include a fight with Oraxia as the 5th to complete, and a final showdown with a familiar Murmur boss.
Duviri Objective
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Oraxia's Lair
Duviri Objective or Undercroft
Summon The Fragmented
Unlike the main island in The Duviri Experience, you will not have access to side objectives.
Once a Signa has been unlocked, it becomes available for purchase from Dominus Thrax in the Dormizone.
Community progress can be tracked in the Event tab in Navigation!
While Rusalka hoards the throne, Dominus Thrax has taken refuge in the Dormizone (located to the immediate right once you pass the kitchen doors). As you fight towards reclaiming Scholar's Landing, you can collect a variety of offerings from Thrax himself. He also offers rewards from previous Operations!
Spend your Dominus Aureus on:
NEW: Invictus Signas
there are three variants that unlock with community progress: 
Invictus Signa (30% community progress) 
Invictus Emergent Signa (60% community progress) 
Invictus Apex Signa (90% community progress) 
NEW: Phelonyx Parazon Skin
NEW: Eight Claw Sigil
NEW: Eight Claw Emblem
5 Pathos Clamps (Purchase limit of 20 per player)
Krios Signa
Prominence Wisp Totem
Fluctus Rahk Skin
Ceti Lacera Blueprint
Basmu Blueprint
Stance Forma Blueprint
The Ballroom Simulacrum
Arcane Victory
Arcane Strike
Arcane Awakening
Arcane Guardian
Arcane Phantasm
Arcane Eruption
Arcane Agility
Arcane Acceleration
Arcane Trickery
Arcane Velocity
Arcane Precision
Arcane Pulse
Arcane Ultimatum
Arcane Aegis
Arcane Arachne
Arcane Rage
Arcane Fury
Arcane Avenger
Arcane Energize
Arcane Grace
Arcane Barrier
Note: Compared to previous Operations, we have removed Common Arcanes from this redemption store. We have also reduced the number of purchasable Arcanes from 42 of each Arcane to 21 (essentially, one full Arcane instead of two full Arcanes). Additionally, Arcanes come in bundles! Legendary Arcanes are purchasable in bundles of 3, and Uncommon & Rare Arcanes are purchasable in bundles of 7.
After Operation: Eight Claw has ended on July 16th @ 11:30 AM ET, Dominus Thrax will stick around until July 23rd and continue to sell his wares. After July 23rd, he will leave the Dormizone, taking his Operation-exclusive rewards with him. Acrithis, in her usual spot in the Dormizone, will remain as the permanent vendor for Scuttler Husks. Learn more about Scuttler Husks in the "New Resources" section above.
The amount of Dominus Aureus to spend to unlock each tier is as follows:
As usual, lowering your Clan tier is disabled now until the Operation concludes.
Share your Feedback & Bug Reports on Operation Eight Claw in the dedicated Feedback Subforum.
Once Operation: Eight Claw has concluded, the Isleweaver node will remain intact in Duviri's Navigation so players may return for Scuttler Husks, Pathos Clamps, Oraxia's Blueprints and more. Read on to learn more!
Sinister grace interwoven with lethal versatility; the evolution of a perfect predator. Fear's name is Oraxia.
Wall Latching grants Predator's Lurk, rendering Oraxia invisible for 8s.
Leap onto an enemy and pierce them with Oraxia's spider legs, dealing Toxin Damage. Enemies defeated by this attack have a chance to drop Health or Energy Orbs.
Ability 2: Webbed Embrace*
Oraxia throws a creeping web to ensnare her prey. Enemies caught within the widening radius are trapped inside a cocoon that increases their Damage Vulnerability.
*This is Oraxia's Helminth and Railjack ability.
Oraxia launches a barrage of stinging darts in front of her that applies Toxin Status Effect. Poisoned enemies spawn Scuttlers when killed.
Unfurl Oraxia's spider legs and go on the prowl. Oraxia is immune to Status Effects and has increased Maximum Health. Ranged Weapons are imbued with Toxin Damage. Killing enemies causes them to burst with Toxin.
Silken Thread: Tap Dodge to leap to a targeted surface.
A story straight out of Duviri, of course Oraxia has a Prex Card! I'm sure if you search Scholar's Landing in the Isleweaver node you'll be able to find it eventually. It's a miracle it isn't covered in cobwebs...
With the release of Oraxia, the maximum number of purchasable Loadout Slots has been increased from 29 to 30.
The Thalys played a ceremonial role in the Zariman harvest festival, and was intended to reap the first fruits of Tau. Now twisted from this purpose, it plants Void shards in enemy flesh instead. Each new seed planted causes existing shards to inflict damage on their hosts.
Each lash of Oraxia's whip injects its victim with a dose of deadly toxin. Upon death, afflicted enemies have a chance to burst, damaging nearby enemies and spreading the poison.
Go on the hunt with Oraxia's signature secondary. Fling a volley of toxin-laced barbs, or drop a cluster snare that scatters on impact, seizing nearby enemies and dragging them together.
The latest batch of TennoGen is here, created by Warframe community artists!
An Entrati-themed skin for Octavia, designed by blazingcobalt.
An Infested-themed skin for Hildryn, designed by Ventralhound.
An Entrati-themed Operator & Drifter Oculus, designed by Ventralhound.
An Entrati-themed Arca Plasmor Skin, designed by Apollo Phoenix.
An Entrati-themed Operator & Drifter Oculus, designed by Theriondrek & Vhynnz.
Fixed disconnected ground textures in the Courtier's Bliss Dojo room. 
Fixed searching "1999" in the Dojo Decoration screen not yielding any related results.
Fixed Dojo room messages being restricted to one line.
Fixed VFX from the "Fog Falling" atmospheric decoration appearing too dark.
Fixed weapon recoil being disabled by the screen shake setting.
Fixed cases of Coildrives in Orb Vallis Bounties getting stuck on the trap and not starting the objective.
The issue can still occur, but we've added a failsafe where the Objective will progress if the Coildrive hasn't triggered the trap after ~30 seconds.
Fixed Kavats with the Sharpened Claws and Territorial Aggression precept attacking neutral or invisible targets, notably the newly neutral Feral Kubrows. 
Also fixed the stagger attack from a Companion's Balanced Posture being able to damage neutral targets. 
Fixed cloth physics issues on Technocyte Coda members, Yareli Pandea Skin, Yareli Prime, Amanata, and the Sevagoth Glaukus Skin. 
Fixed Clients immediately getting disbanded from squad after loading into mission if they matchmade together from different Relays. 
Fixed being caught by a Narmer Deacon in The New War quest sometimes resulting in function loss on a black screen.
Fixed being unable to invite others to a squad as Client if matchmaking was set to Solo before joining. 
Fixed Nova's Null Stars saying they do 300 base damage but only doing 200.
Fixed weapon fire not resuming after casting abilities unless the player releases and retriggers the binding. 
Now, if you cast an ability while firing and continue to hold the binding during the cast animation, your weapon will resume firing immediately afterwards. 
Fixed the Sepulcrum not receiving Alt-Fire charge from Status Effect kills
Fixed players being stuck spamming Void Blast if they hold the Quick Time Event input too long during the New War Quest if the player's input is set to "Hold".
Fixed the Umbilix's tentacle not appearing for Clients in Legacyte Harvest missions. 
Fixed missing lore Transmissions during the Natah Quest due to the Defense wave reduction.
Fixed heavy unit enemies (e.g., Grineer Heavy Gunners, Scaldra Dedicants) having permanently-available finishers after an Impact Status Effect expires.
Fixed cases of the Punch Through stat being locked on weapons that were eligible for Punch Through, notably the Cantare.
Fixed falling through elevators as Yareli when riding Merulina in the Gas City tileset (still occurs in Zariman).
Fixed Shuffling Fragments having difficulty mantling/jumping over obstacles. 
Fixed Yareli being unable to interact with laser grid consoles while riding Merulina.
Fixed a loss of functionality when attempting to repeatedly mount and resummon the Atomicyle in an Open Zone area.
Fixed a softlock if your Operator/Drifter died at the same time Merulina died. 
Fixed thrown Edun spear immediately disappearing after hitting a weird angle. 
Fixed Styanax's passive not working in Höllvania missions after loading in from the Höllvania Central Mall garage. 
Fixed being unable to complete Kuva Lich Confrontation if some Clients left before all Kuva Liches were defeated and then a Host migration occurred after defeat.
Fixed pickups spawning outside of the playable area in the Technocyte Coda showdown mission.
Fixed enemy pathing issues caused by the Techrot Speed Run modifier in Temporal Archimedea missions, leading to possible progression stops (notably for Defense missions).
Fixed Arcane Melee Doughty not functioning correctly on weapons with negative Impact and/or Slash damage.
Fixed refining a Relic in-mission not automatically selecting it to equip. 
Fixes towards Demolisher Machinist not prioritizing Conduit destruction in Lua Disruption and getting stuck on various terrain if the player remains invisible. 
Fixed Clients being unable to jump down after the floor collapses in Solstice Square Stage Defense mission. 
Fixed the "Reset Defaults" button missing for the following appearance customization screens: 
Base Arsenal (Warframe, Primary, Secondary, Melee, Parazon) 
Companions (Hound, Kavat, Kubrow, Kubrow Attachments, Moa, Sentinel and Sentinel Attachments) 
Vehicles (Archwing, Archgun, Archmelee, K-Drive, Necramech, Necramech Exalted Weapon & Archgun) 
Also changed the "Randomize" button to say "Randomize All" to indicate that all appearance options will be randomized together. 
Fixed loss of function after entering Last Gasp right before bleedout timer expires. 
Fixed instances where enemies would target the Eternal Relic instead of active Exodampers in Void Armaggedon missions. 
Fixed being unable to start Call of the Tempestarii Quest missions from the Railjack Navigation console. 
Fixed the Shotgun Riven rewarded from Rank 8 of Nora's Mix Vol. 9 automatically having its Unveiling Challenge active, meaning it used a Riven Slot.
Players who earned this reward prior to Isleweaver have been given a Riven Slot to make up for this error. 
Fixed Nidus' Ravenous Maggots not triggering Arcane Camisado.
Fixed Exploiter Orb missing her heat gauge during her second phase on ultrawide resolutions.
Fixed certain enemy weak points not triggering Ivara's Concentrated Arrow explosion. This includes, but is not limited to weak points on the following foes:
Rogue Culverin
Scaldra Jaeger
Amalgam Kucumatz
Boiler (Infested)
Fixed the jump boost in Ascension not applying to players on vehicles (namely the Atomicycle or Merulina).
Fixed being unable to cleanse a Hell-Scrubber of infection if it was infected prior to a Host Migration occurring.
Fixed function loss when casting Kullervo's Wrathful Advance while simultaneously summoning an Atomicycle. 
Fixed Side Objective Undercroft Portals in Duviri always rolling Survival. 
Fixed loss of function upon casting Cyte-09's Seek when exiting an Open Landscape mission (ie. entering the doors to Cetus in the Plains of Eidolon).
Fixes towards Biocode not opening Techrot Safe after Host migration. 
Fixed Hardened Wellspring's Energy gain applying infinitely to Yareli after entering/leaving the bubble while riding Merulina and using Transference. 
Fixes loss of function after loading into Faceoff: Squad vs. Squad while a menu was open. 
Fixed being able to fire weapons while in Grendel's Pulverize after casting certain Subsumed abilities (notably Nezha's Firewalker, Octavia's Resonator, Xaku's Xata's Whisper, and more). 
Fixed Sybaris Incarnon's "Ready Retaliation" perk not increasing Reload Speed. 
Fixed loss of function after trying to back out of the Bounty select screen in Saya's Vigil Quest. 
Fixed Violet Archon Shard adding Electricity Damage to Tranq Rifle. Those poor animals didn't see it coming and neither did your attempts at perfect captures.
Fixed overlapping text elements in the Arsenal on the French and Ukrainian clients.
Fixed overlapping UI elements in the Incarnon Installation screen at Cavalero.
Fixed the Duviri overlap map becoming enlarged when flying between islands.
Fixed the Oberon Prime Armor icon in the Arsenal. 
Fixed a "Label" tag appearing in all Bounty board UI where the difficulty rating should be. 
Fixed Helminth Subsume UI showing an extremely high number in the Subsume Slot text instead of saying "Unlimited". 
Fixed activating a search bar with a controller then swapping to keyboard causing the search bar to become unfocused.
Fixed reticles not changing colors when targeting bosses.
Reticles are tinted red when an enemy is in your sight, but this didn't apply to bosses with a special health bar (ex: Acolytes, Vor). 
Fixed the loading icon appearing behind the item grid in the Foundry.
Fixed the height of the Arsenal equip/swap grid so that it doesn't extend past the button bar. 
Fixed scroll bar in the Market's bundle unowned items UI overlapping. 
Fixed Ukrainian text overflowing in the Caliber Chicks Highscore screen. 
Fixed some Arcanes missing icons in the Arcane Dissolution screen. 
Fixed a second set of erroneous damage stats appearing for the Kraken and Vaykor Marelok in the Arsenal. 
Fixed jittery scrollbar in the Look Link appearance menu. 
Fixed multiple scrollbars appearing overtop of the Railjack Intrinsics UI after swapping between KBM and controller. 
Fixed Option slider textfields resetting focus when manually inputting values, making number inputting difficult (e.g., Captura's Field of View slider resetting while editing the value).
Fixed UI themes overly saturating Warframes in the log-in screen.
Fixed Cyrillic characters not finding Mods in the Codex's Mod search function.
Fixed misaligned UI glow when hovering Parazon Mods over a Mod Slot. 
Fixed the Technocyte Coda Showdown objective texts overlapping with each other, becoming increasingly unreadable.
Fixed "Alchemy" not being properly capitalized in the Void Fissures list in the Navigation Screen. 
Fixed Inbox messages not accurately displaying items acquired from prorated bundles, implying the player is receiving more than what they bought.
Fixed incorrect sender icon for Arthur's new years kiss inbox message.
Fixed |VAL| appearing in the description of the Thick Ice Risk Variable in the Temporal Archimedea UI. 
Fixes towards Exalted weapons not appearing in the Navigation Loadout UI.
Fixed Leaderboard text wrapping when language set to Thai. 
Fixed stat UI in the Simulacrum Arsenal not adjusting when equipping Critical Chance Mods on Beast Weapons. 
Fixed Legacy menu scale causing Peely Pix and Loadout UI to overlap in the Temporal Archimedea UI. 
Fixed total Focus Points reverting to pre-mission values after a short delay in the End of Mission screen (UI only issue). 
Fixed inviting a squadmate to your Backroom incorrectly calling it your Orbiter in the UI.
Fixed various cases of capitalization affecting search priority for item names.
Fixed Puncture Status Icon not displaying when in the Melee Combos preview screen.
Fixed Ivara's Concentrated Arrow Augment not updating Artemis Bow's stats in the UI. 
Fixed Relic select screen and Loadout UI overlapping in the Navigation after accepting vote for Fissure mission. 
Fixed the Peely Pix pack description appearing twice in the rewards preview screen.
Fixed misaligned icons on the login screen when logging in during a specific part of The New War.
Fixed the Efficiency and Status Duration labels not properly inputting their search terms when selected in Lavos' Upgrade screen.
Fixed Faceoff: Squad vs Squad Penalty overlapping the node description when Vehrvod District is selected in the NavNow menu.
Fixed non-functioning scrollbar in the notifications dropdown window. 
We removed the scrollbar entirely and extended the dropdown window to accommodate the maximum number of notifications (since there are a limited number of notification types that can appear here).
Fixed a rare case of Prime Resurgence bundles attempting to show pro-rated prices despite not being eligible for pro-rating.
Fixed an incorrect tag appearing in the error pop-up when attempting to join Stage Defense Bounty without being the appropriate Hex Syndicate rank.
Fixed the Codex Training page text appearing off-screen if HUD scaling is set to 50%. 
Fixed misaligned "Close" button in the Available Augments screen. 
Fixed the Undercroft overlay map being scaled down significantly, making it difficult to see. 
Fixed searched Mod disappearing from list in Upgrades UI after attempting to equip it with no capacity room. 
Fixed the popup warning when attempting to sell an item that is not at max rank, applying to all Modular items regardless of if they have been mastered. 
Fixed Mods not showing as "New" in the Arsenal Upgrade screen when displayed in the collapsed or expanded states.
Fixed loadout UI in the Deep and Temporal Archimedea screens appearing in the middle of the screen on screens wider than 16:9.
Fixed Nightwave UI overlapping with the end of mission screen if player had not logged in since the latest season has begun. 
Fixed binding callouts for the Drifter Melee attack tutorial being incorrect in The Duviri Paradox Quest if the player changed binding for ability 3 and Heavy Melee attack. 
Fixed mining deposits disappearing from the mini map while using Sunpoint Plasma Drill with the Oxylus' Scan Matter precept equipped.
Fixed mini-map markers pointing you towards dead ends in the Höllvania tilesets. 
Fixed an unfinishable Enigma Puzzle found on the west side of Kullervo's Hold in Duviri.
Fixed a rare case of Clients getting stuck in submersible Archwing in bodies of water found in Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed portion of the Backrooms floor missing collision, causing players to fall through. 
Fixed a gap in the Technocyte Coda Showdown concert that players could clip through and enter out of bounds area. 
Fixed collision issues in some areas of the Grineer Forest tileset where players could fall through. 
Fixed a missing blocking volume in a Höllvania tile. 
Fixed environment elements flickering through the map in a section of the "Descent to the Heart" stage of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed misaligned ground textures in an Undercroft tile.
Fixed misaligned ground textures in the Kahl section of The New War quest. 
Fixed a map hole in the Awakening quest.
Fixed disconnected ground texture in the Netherbarrow part of Duviri. 
Fixed a gap at the bottom of the window in the Conclave Relay room. 
Fixed issues with snow and fog flickering when loading into a Venus or Jupiter mission. 
Fixed several environment/tile issues in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed floor mesh issue in Albrecht's Laboratories tileset. 
Fixed the skybox in the Undercroft Captura Scenes flickering (ex: Undercroft Opera, Park, etc). 
Fixed a navigation error in a Corpus Ship spy vault.
Fixed cases of players being able to fall out of bounds in the Gas City tileset. 
Fixed a navigation issue in the Ropalolyst fight arena. 
Fixed Clients not seeing the water rise and other environmental effects in the Tyl Regor fight.
Fixed map holes in certain caves in the Grineer Fortress tileset.
Fixed Lilian's and Jillian's Drifter hair defying gravity in Duviri. 
Fixed offset issues for the Lunarius Syandana.
Fixed leg armor offset issues on the Quincy Gemini skin.
Fixed issues with Operator/Drifter hairstyles looking weird while invisible/in Void mode. 
Fixed Sigils not appearing when kneeling in the Star Chart.
This was commonly seen if you had a back Sigil equipped as well. 
Fixed being unable to gift a player a Gemini Skin if they already own one.
Fixed the "Copy Suit Colors" option in Attachment/Syandana customization for the Operator or Drifter not properly applying Suit colors if they are set to default. 
Fixed the Seighe Scythe Skin not properly unfurling and having misaligned elemental VFX in the Arsenal.
Fixed certain Suit Hoods not scaling properly for Drifters when previewed.
Fixed randomizing attachment colors on Beast Companions causing their fur to change instead of attachments.
Fixed players with Amar's Hatred equipped getting stuck in the Scaldra TI-92 if they teleported to it using a Heavy Attack. 
Fixed Aerodynamic's description not matching the actual duration added to Wall Latch time. 
The description stated 6s, when it added 12s instead. We've updated the description to match instead of changing the stats. 
Fixes towards Riot-848's reload VFX not appearing for Clients. 
Fixed the Override Air Support ability causing Disruption missions to be progression stopped if used before hacking the requisite panel. 
Fixed certain inbox messages from Cephalon Cy not properly being delivered during The Rising Tide quest.
Fixed remaining on a black screen upon spectating a crew/squad member via the Railjack Tactical Menu while mid-teleport. 
Fixed a rare case of Cyte-09's Resupply applying to Incarnon weapons. 
Fixed summoning your Kaithe while holding down the Tab and Gear Wheel input resulting in loss of function. 
Fixed players losing functionality after summoning their Kaithe and opening the Emote Wheel simultaneously.
Fixed rotation completion transmissions playing every 5 waves instead of every 3 in Arbitration Defense missions.
Fixed a rare case of Drones in the Natah Quest being able to spawn outside of the marked search area. 
Fixed a rare progression stop caused by an End of Mission screen appearing at the end of Stage 3 of The New War quest. 
Fixed Scoliac's unique trait description incorrectly stating that slams always inflict Toxin Status instead of Damage. 
Fixed texture and VFX issues in Baruuk's market diorama.
Fixed Clients joining a Face-Off mission queue via invite not seeing the queue screen and instead seeing a loading screen until the mission begins if they join from the Backroom.
Fixed the Duviri hacking console in the Legendary Rank 5 test missing a red lock symbol like the other consoles. 
Fixed Kronen Prime's "whoosh" SFX overlapping with multiple instances of the sound. 
Fixed issue where Companion Kubrow will bark incessantly while you're in your Arsenal. Kind of like when you don't give your dog attention at home. 
Fixed Xaku quite literally losing their head if they are ragdolled on a K-Drive while The Vast Untime is active.
Fixed particle system error that could result in black/invisible particles. 
Fixed a visual glitch when placing the Figurine in the Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed canceling a bow's drawing animation with quick melee resulting in the weapon being placed in the wrong hand.
Fixed some of Grendel's ability sounds missing when using Regurgitate while Pulverize is active.
Fixed Companion flickering when changing the color of its collar. 
Fixed Akimbo Secondary weapons defaulting to a single pistol animation after throwing Amphors in an Alchemy mission.
Fixed awkward flailing Warframe animations while Aim Gliding with Dual/Akimbo Secondary Weapons.
Fixed Merulina Prime clipping through the floor while using Yareli Prime with the Noble idle animations set.
Fixed Grendel's Regurgitate SFX playing squad-wide, instead of for those only in his proximity.
Fixed the description of the "Shell Cracker" Höllvania Bounty challenge to say "Techrot Safe" instead of the incorrect "Techrot Cache".
Fixed instances of "Weak Points" being written as "weakpoints". 
Fixed Razor Gyre tip incorrectly stating it would refund Energy up to 100%, as it is not capped.
Fixed a few minor typos in equipment descriptions. 
Fixed missing punctuation in Flare's Gemini Emote description.
Fixed the Kuva Bailiff's name being in all CAPS in the HUD. 
Fixed Nova's Wormhole showing incorrect charge amount for Clients who joined an in-progress mission.
Fixed randomizing colors for Companions selecting colors that you do not own. 
Fixed the screen hanging and flickering when the end of mission screen appears in Conclave. 
Fixed Host and Client being able to use the Arsenal at the same time in the Höllvanian Courtyard Simulacrum room. 
This also fixes loss of function issues related to having two people in the Arsenal at once.
Fixed the Pride Oro Decoration having an extremely bright glow. 
Fixed unintended green VFX appearing on Energy restore items. 
Fixed continuous login failure loop when attempting to focus on the password field while switching between controller and KBM.
Fixed attempting to use Kullervo's Recompense while the Baneful Blades Auxiliary is unequipped resulting in one sad looking knife hovering in the air that does nothing.
Fixed Inaros sling-shotting back and forth from the camera while the Ramses' skin is equipped. 
Fixed the Jade Shadows' prerequisite text in the Codex missing specifying "Quest" for The New War. 
Fixed loss of function after casting Ash's Bladestorm on an opponent in Conclave. 
Fixed being unable to take F6 screenshots during the New Year's Eve kiss cinematic.
Fixed players receiving an additional Ascaris Negator blueprint at the end of Stage 4 of the Vor's Prize Quest.
Fixed rare cases of players receiving transmissions from the Lotus when loading into Höllvania missions.
Fixed the H-09 Efervon Tank death SFX not playing for Clients. 
Fixed continuous fire SFX from the Sirocco while in Duviri. 
Fixed being unable to use the Arsenal while in the Höllvanian Courtyard Simulacrum.
Fixed being stuck in the Undercroft loading area after being in the middle of a Mercy Finisher animation while leaving the previous Undercroft mission area.
Fixed persisting attachment customizations on Kahl after resetting his appearance to default, causing overlap with newly selected customizations.
Fixed missing collisions on the front of the Skaut Landing Craft while in a Relay.
Fixed enemies no longer spawning following a Host Migration in the Undercroft Alchemy mission. 
Fixed a progstop in The New War Quest after descending during the balloon ride while using controller in the "She Gives, We Live" stage.
Fixed SFX missing for the Shrine Assembly objective in Duviri. 
Fixed rare case of players receiving a Vulpaphyla imprint from trading that is very broken and unsightly. 
Fixed error messaging for friend request denial. 
More fixes towards Höllvania Steel Path not being marked complete after completing all nodes (minus the Faceoff: Solo Squad nodes as intended since Update 38.0.8) 
Anyone who was still stuck in this state after clearing all the nodes will have the Höllvania Steel Path completed upon login. 
Fixed cursor escaping screen boundaries during the "Find the Paragrimm's Lost Tomes" Duviri objective while playing in borderless mode, making it extremely difficult to complete. 
Made the following fixes to Spontaneous Singularity (Simulor Augment):
Fixed the chance of spawning a Singularity being lower than intended (12% instead of 18%). 
Fixed orbs not exploding or dealing damage when impacting certain objects (ex: Gyre's Conductive Sphere, Scaldra Barbarican's Shield, etc.).
Fixed script error in the Scaldra Flayer's dash. 
Fixed script error that could occur in the display settings on certain systems.
Fixed a script error when joining a Deep Archimedea squad if Elite mode toggles were mismatched (ie. the Host didn't have it enabled, but the joining Client did). 
Fixed a script error in Varzia's wares screen. 
Fixed a rare crash during extraction. 
Fixed a crash caused by Huras' Stalk Precept. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when running DirectX 12 with the shader cache disabled in the launcher. 
Fixed crash caused by Cantare's projectiles while using Protea's Caladrius Skin. 
Fixed a script error when Customizing HUD colours in mission.
Fixed a script error when interacting with the Plexus console before completing The Rising Tide.
Fixed script error when MOA attempts to use the Security Override precept.
For a list of known issues following this update that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Yareli Prime: Hotfix 38.6.3
**Date:** 2025-05-23T18:23:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed the hot air balloon in The New War spawning too high off the ground, causing players to have difficulty finding the interaction prompt.
For list of known issues for Yareli Prime that are on our radar or require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Yareli Prime: Hotfix 38.6.2
**Date:** 2025-05-22T18:50:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Yareli Prime: Hotfix 38.6.2:

### Fixes
Fixed players being stuck on a black screen at the end of The Duviri Paradox Quest, preventing them from being able to complete it.
Fixed Ambulas and Bursas dying after being hacked, instead of entering the proper post-hack state.
This fixes players being unable to complete the Ambulas assassination mission on Pluto.
Fixed Meso T7 not properly being vaulted with Yareli Prime's launch.
Fixed Yareli's abilities no longer functioning for the rest of the mission if Silenced by Violence while on Merulina.
Fixed Yareli's passive not working for Clients if Vazarin is their active Focus School.
Fixed players getting stuck in The War Within quest due to Operator Transference not working correctly.
Fixed Nightwave Rank 14 having the incorrect version of Arcane Fury.
Fixed Kullvero Apostate's knives being untextured when casting Abilities. 
Fixes towards weird VFX on Gemini Skins and Kullvero Apostate when under the effects of Mirage's Eclipse.
Fixed Yareli Prime not appearing as an option in Teshin's Cave in Duviri.
Fixed Yareli Prime Accessories bundle description on non-English PC Clients erroneously listing Platinum in the Market.
Fixed the Prime Details toggle turning off all attachments on Gauss Prime.
Fixed the Radia Syandana being deformed.
Fixed a typo in Kompressa Receiver.
Fixed the Scimitar being unable to turn left in loading screens. Zoolander, is that you?
Fixed Dojos with a Duviri Senate Seat decoration placed showing incorrect room capacity.
Fixed loss of function if purchasing a market item via Varzia's screen — notably the new Gunblade Battlekit.
Fixed a script error when viewing Kubrow cosmetics.
Fixed a script error caused by the new Captura quick access wheel.
Fixed a rare crash when an enemy Bonewidow dies.
Fixed cases of players on an old Windows 10 version being unable to launch the game.
For list of known issues for Yareli Prime that are on our radar or require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Yareli Prime: Hotfix 38.6.1
**Date:** 2025-05-21T19:36:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed a script error in Hell-Scrub missions causing cases of the timer stopping altogether — notably in Temporal Archimedea. 
Fixed Mesa's Regulators becoming secondary weapons if Peacemaker was active during a Host Migration.
Fixed Mesa being unable to cast her 2nd and 3rd Abilities if she is downed during Peacemaker and self-revives using Last Gasp.
Fixed specters spawned by the Redemptive Chance Hex Factor Override not persisting for the full 30s duration.
Fixed Grimoire being incorrectly holstered or invisible for Yareli after swapping to and from it while on Merulina.
Fixed a syandana offset issue on the Velimir Gemini Skin.
Fixed minor offset issues on the Daikyu Prime.
Fixed laser traps in Dojo Obstacle Courses being invisible.
Fixed the Friends Menu sometimes not working after joining a friend's session.
Fixed a script error caused by Grendel's Nourish.
Fixed a very rare crash for players who enabled Epic Games Account binding.
For list of known issues for Yareli Prime that are on our radar or require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Update 38.6: Yareli Prime
**Date:** 2025-05-21T15:03:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers
check the full details here:
Fixed Yareli losing functionality after riding Merulina into a Possessed Exolizer bubble in Void Cascade. 
Fixed Aerial Bond's Companion Cold field not activating while Yareli is airborne on Merulina.
Fixed subsumed Evade not gaining duration from headshots for Yareli while on Merulina. 
Fixed brief function loss and animation break for Yareli when picking up a Thermian RPG while on Merulina.
Fixed Yareli not receiving buffs from dodge-based Mods and Arcanes while riding Merulina (e.g., Deadly Maneuvers or Cascadia Accuracy).
Fixed Yareli being able to use both a Primary Weapon and a weapon pick-up (e.g., Thermian RPG) at the same time while riding Merulina.
Fixed Yareli holding Throwing Weapons as if they were Pistols while riding Merulina.
Fixed the Cascadia Flare, Conjunction Voltage and Primary Frostbite Arcanes not triggering from Companion attacks while riding Merulina.
Fixed Azima's alt-fire not dealing its intended damage while riding Merulina. 
Fixed missing Faceoff UI while Yareli is riding Merulina. 
Fixed Yareli holding a duplicate Coolant Canister after sealing a Thermia Fracture while on Merulina. Also fixed a partially filled Canister disappearing if picked up while on Merulina. 
Fixed the Ghoul Purge Grokdrul Injection Bounty Stage not progressing if Yareli holds a Power Cell while she's on Merulina. 
Fixed Yareli holding an invisible Grimoire after holstering it while riding Merulina.
Fixed Yareli's Passive staying longer than intended for Clients while continuously shooting while it decays.
Transform the captive Warframe's burden of blame into a smoldering mark of pride with this collection of Apostate skins and items. The collection includes:
The eternal outcast has nothing left to fear. Kullervo embodies rebellion and the will to endure whatever the oppressor can dish out.
Kullervo Apostate's signature adornment. These blades can be equipped/unequipped via the Auxiliary option. They can also be equipped on other Kullervo skins. You can also use the default Baneful Blades on the Kullervo Apostate Skin.
Kullervo Apostate's signature pauldrons. These Shoulder Spikes can be equipped/unequipped via the Attachments option.
Incarcerated, with his sword Vaenn hidden away, Kullervo learned to fight with fists and feet. This sparring weapon skin pays homage to the sacrifices he made in captivity.
Kullervo took the chains of guilt that had once bound him and twisted their links into an ornament.
Take on the dangers of the Origin System in style with the Pyra Opula Syandana and Sugatra. Back it up with the deadly Redeemer gunblade and High Noon Stance.
Full spectrum flames dance around this evolved Syandana.
Every eye will be drawn to this iridescent sugatra.
Striking with massive twin blades, the Redeemer fires the killing blow with its built-in shotgun.
Bullets spray between wicked slash attacks.
Doubles the rate at which you earn affinity. Upgrade your weapons and Warframes faster.
NIGHTWAVE: NORA'S MIX VOL. 9 (LIVE @ ~2:15 PM ET)
Nightwave is transmitting a new signal that's calling you to uncover rare and ever-so-mysterious goods! Nora's Mix Vol. 9 starts at ~2:15 PM ET today with fresh and returning Rewards that will leave you utterly starstruck.
Stats below for Augment Mods are at Max Rank.
Display the elegant lines of the cosmos with this Raya series Sigil.
Elevate the Arca Titron with glowing line work reminiscent of calligraphy.
The light and dark of the cosmos are etched into the skin for the Parallax Landing Craft.
On Weak Point hits with Primary Fire: +60% Weak Point Damage for 5s. Stacks up to 10x.
This skin for Sevagoth's signature pistol balances light and darkness, beauty and death.
Flash across the battlefield with this Syandana that elevates the original design of House Sigma.
Etched with golden light, the Raya series brings a cosmic sophistication to the Burston.
Orbs that strike targets will explode immediately with 90% Bonus Damage and a 18% chance of Singularity that pulls in more targets. Orbs do not bounce or combine.
Evoke the awe and beauty of solar winds with this delicate ephemera.
The light of the lost shines with shared purpose from the depths of Xaku Raya.
Saturn Six Chest Plate
Saturn Six Knee Plates 
Saturn Six Shoulder Plates 
Saturn Six Syandana 
Temple Rockett Helmet Blueprint 
Noggle Statue
The Wolf 
Gamma Color Palette 
Contrathermal Companion Glyph 
Nora Night Glyph Pack 
Critical Mutation Mod (Catabolyst) 
Volatile Variant Mod (Sporothrix)
Each Archon Shard type now uses a different Secretion instead of all Bile in its removal cost. 
Crimson: Oxides
Azure: Synthetics 
Amber: Bile
Topaz: Pheromones 
Emerald: Biotics 
Violet: Calx
Reduced the Secretion cost of base Archon Shard removal by half from 30% to 15% (Tauforged Shards are unchanged at 30%).
You can now replay the Heart of Deimos quest, Chimera Prologue, and Erra within the Prelude to War Quest. Back to the drawing board on this one
we're looking into a fix!
You can now customize HUD colors for Reload/Charge and Cooldown HUD elements in the Accessibility settings > Interface > Customize HUD colors > Scroll down to "Combat Feedback" section. 
Made the following changes to Ivara's Concentrated Arrow Augment with the goal of making it a stronger single-target killer and Status Effect dispenser:
Now deals 50% Critical Chance on a fully charged shot.
Additional 50% Critical Chance on Weak Point hits, including headshots.
The AoE explosion now applies Status Effects (20% base chance).
The AoE explosion now has a Line of Sight check within the first 5 meters of the center.
This is to bring it in line with other Warframe abilities, while also balancing with the above adjustments!
TennoGuard (2FA) is now required to be enabled in order to trade after adding an email to your bound Steam/Epic Games and Warframe account. For more information and how to enable TennoGuard, visit our FAQ:
Full keyboard & mouse support is now enabled on Steam Deck and Steam Big Picture mode! 
This addresses multiple issues such as being unable to select from the Gear Wheel and pause menu, and UI soft locking issues. 
Changed the confirmation text to visit a Syndicate from your Base of Operations when you have not met the representative yet. Now reads: "You have not met the Syndicate representative yet. Are you sure you want to travel to this faction's hub or relay to visit their representative?" 
Updated the image in the Communicator Nightwave Act's "How To" popup from a marked resource deposit to a marked dropped resource to clarify the Act's requirements.
Fixed performance issues caused by ammo pickups in Höllvania missions. 
Made small optimizations to Cyte-09's Seek and Resupply abilities. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory usage on all platforms.
Made small optimizations related to sound volume settings.
Made improvements to performance issues caused by Purgator 1.
Optimized Somachord Tones when they are loaded up to play. 
Fixed Stalker Specter causing hitches for Clients when spawned by Host. 
Fixed screen stuttering when equipping the Wirematrix Ephemera.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading and streaming. 
Made micro-optimizations to serialization.
Made optimizations to volumetric fog memory. 
Fixed hitch when opening Look Links that have Gemini Skins equipped. 
Optimized ragdoll and Warframe collision meshes. 
Minor optimizations for UI and rendering. 
Made small optimizations to destroying a lot of destructible items.
Fixed performance issues while fighting the Hydrolyst Eidolon.
Fixed performance issues at the start of The New War's "She Gives, We Live" mission.
Improved performance issues related to Kullervo's Recompense.
Fixed performance issues caused by Kuva Ogris' SFX while Adhesive Blast is equipped.

### Fixes
Update 38.6.0 is an interim Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Techrot Encore is in this interim update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit The Warframe Lexicon for Updates to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
The Waverider arises, reborn from the ocean foam. In her original Orokin-era splendour she embodies the undying vigor of youth.
Yareli Prime's living board is the epitome of elegance and style.
Long believed lost, the mighty Daikyu Prime was the pride of many a Tenno dojo. The strength demanded to draw it is repaid in added range and power.
Glinting like a golden dawn, Yareli Prime's signature pistol engulfs foes in a cascade of virulent, explosive, water globules. None can escape the sea.
Yareli Prime's faithful water-glider is happy to adorn her body as an additional ornament.
Creatures of the deep circle and play in your wake. Yareli Prime's signature ephemera.
Merulina's tiny spawn are used to foraging on the sea bed, and adapt easily to nibbling up dirt from an Orbiter floor.
Now that Yareli Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Wisp Prime 
Fulmin Prime
Gunsen Prime
Fixed Warframe Augment Mods that buff Element Damage (e.g., Volt's Shock Trooper, Lavos' Valence Formation, Gyre's Conductive Sphere) not buffing Status Effect damage (e.g., Electricity ticks).
Fixed certain Abilities (notably Atlas' Landslide) being unable to target Techrot Babau.
Fixed Archguns (and other gear that is not equipped upon mission, like Necramechs) not registering Mods equipped in certain slots due to an error in Mod Capacity calculations.
Fixed Mind Controlled and Enthralled enemies remaining above ground after the floor collapses in Stage Defense missions and then Host Migration occurs, causing a halt in mission progression. 
Fixed Coda Motovore inheriting physical damage Mods from Exalted Melee Weapons with Melee Doughty equipped. 
Fixed cases of Ash's Blade Storm clones being permanently visible.
Fixed Melee Crescendo stacks vanishing after Host migration if collected using Ash's Blade Storm. 
Fixed loss of function after casting Ash's Blade Storm right before being knocked down.
Fixed Ash's Blade Storm ability breaking until all marked enemies have been killed after entering a Nullifier field.
Fixed Volt's Electric Shield critical multiplier applying twice per Shield to various hitscan weapons (ex: Opticor, Ferrox, Onos' Incarnon Mode, etc.), resulting in unintentionally high and inconsistent damage numbers. 
Fixed base and Coda Catabolyst's Primary fire ignoring player's screen shake setting when disabled.
Fixed newly unveiled Rivens that are still equipped on the weapon used to unveil it not appearing in the Trade inventory UI when the "Hide Equipped" option is enabled. 
Rivens that are incompatible with the weapon they are equipped to are no longer considered to be installed on the weapon and will appear as Trade eligible in the UI. 
Fixed Initial Combo (from Corrupt Charge, Covert Lethality, etc.) not triggering while Mesa's or Jade's Exalted ability is active. 
Fixed the Conductive Sphere Augment causing enemy fire to inflict Electricity Status Effects onto Gyre.
Fixed Arcane Rise not triggering for Clients when reloading using Cyte-09's Resupply. 
Fixed enemies in Simulacrum being able to damage and even down players while they are in the Arsenal. Players are now immune to damage when they are in the Simulacrum's Arsenal. 
Fixed failing a Technocyte Coda showdown causing instant fails on subsequent runs if the player died mid-mission. 
Fixed cases of Violence causing function loss if they use Silence on a Warframe with an Exalted Weapon active.
Fixed cases of cloth physics breaking on Grendel Prime, Wisp Prime, Mesa Prime, Inaros Prime, Revenant Mephisto, Mirage Oneiro and Dante.
We are aware of various other cloth physics issues and are addressing them on a per-Warframe basis. 
Fixed being unable to progress in Legacyte Harvest mission after Host Migration causes Kalymos to disappear. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in the Railjack loading tunnel after Host aborts from a Technocyte Coda Showdown mission.
Fixed Open World Bounties not counting towards the Agent Nightwave Daily Act and Mission Complete Nightwave Weekly Act.
Fixed instances of Nourish missing its timer in the Ability icon
Fixed weaker casts of Nourish overriding stronger casts when in a mission with multiple players using Nourish (who have it modded differently).
 The "weaker" cast will no longer override the stronger values of the existing cast, but it will extend its duration.
Fixed Grendel's Pulverize having sluggish acceleration while Nourish is active.
Fixed functionality loss during Kullervo's Wrathful Advance when an emote is played during the Ability's animation.
To fix this issue, emotes and vehicles cannot be used during Wrathful Advance's animation.
Fixed Titania's Ironclad Flight Augment not disabling Vacuum, per the Augment's description, and unintentionally also receiving Razorwing Blitz's buffs.
Fixed Host loss of function (unable to attack, broken animations, etc.) after entering the Technocyte Coda Vanquish/Convert sequence with Archgun equipped. 
Fixed Armor gained from Nyx's Psychic Bolts resetting after hitting 700 points instead of the intended 1000. 
Fixed Exploiter Orb not shooting at players during the Deck 12 portion of the fight. 
Fixed Toggle Sprint deactivating when Qorvex's Fused Crucible Augment expires. 
Fixed players attempting to join Faceoff missions from Backrooms getting stuck in the loading screen. 
Fixed Mobile Defense Datamass not respawning in Gas City tileset after dropping it off a ledge, causing the mission to be incompletable.
Fixed Heavy Attack mods not being triggered by Exalted Blade's energy blades for Clients. 
Fixed Burst Laser causing strobing light effects in dark tiles.
Fixed Cloaked Appearance not applying to players in Archwing or Railjack.
Also fixed Void Cloak's color correction not re-applying when exiting and re-entering the ship. 
Fixed enemies lying on the ground instead of cowering when affected by the Malicious Code Parazon Mod. 
Certain enemies with weird shapes may still lie on the ground to prevent clipping issues, but most humanoid and bipedal enemies will now properly cower! 
Fixed a delay when casting Drifter's Guiding Hand Duviri ability while on a Kaithe.
Fixed Warframes with sleep abilities (e.g., Ivara's Sleep Arrow, Baruuk's Lull) allowing Duviri creatures to be captured as if they were open landscape conservation targets.
Fixed Prize Kill's Shield Recharge delay reduction not working in Conclave missions. 
We also made a change that allows for the delay reduction to continuously apply for its duration instead of only kicking in on the next instance of damage taken to Shields. 
Fixed rare cases of Incarnons being able to skip multiple Evolutions at once. 
Fixed the Lex Incarnon Evolution Hoplite Virtue not increasing the Lex's base damage.
Fixed Mesa's Regulators disappearing from her arms after deactivating Peacemaker. 
Fixed the Nagantaka and Nagantaka Prime's alt-fire alerting enemies despite having a Silent noise level.
Fixes towards Dual Torxica's spores causing enemies to get yeeted into the air. 
Fixed Temple's Pyrotechnics not hitting enemies caught in Koumei's Bunraku. 
Fixed inability to deploy Vauban's Bastille on moving platforms. 
Fixed Gara's Spectrorage being unusable on the Elevator in the Ascension game mode.
Fixed Melee Doughty applying the crit damage bonus to the portion of the weapon that does not have any Puncture damage (Corufell's Heavy Attack behaviour, etc).
Fixed Amp Fire Mode stats overlapping when comparing Amps in the Ukrainian-language Game Client.
Fixed all equipped Antivirus Mods appearing to deplete on the final stab of a Technocyte Coda, instead of only the correct Antivirus Mod.
This was only a UI issue, the incorrect Mods would not actually be depleted.
Fixed Orvius Blades appearing in the UI reward popup when fighting Kuva Guardians in The War Within Quest. 
This was a UI-only issue, as the blades only drop from Kuva Guardians after the quest.
Fixed Syndicate weapon buffs (e.g., Rakta Cernos' Blight) tooltip appearing in the host's language if client is playing in a different language.
Fixed item names text extending outside the UI box in the Navigation Arsenal screen.
Fixed Quest tracker, notification and currency UI disappearing when re-entering Backrooms.
Fixed the bottom of the Cavalero's Evolve Incarnon window being cut off. 
Fixed Inaros' Scarab Shell HUD element disappearing upon entering Archwing. 
Fixed Alchemy objective UI lingering on screen during Excavation mission in The Circuit after Host extracts. 
Fixes towards the Technocyte Coda spawn UI appearing during the loading and end of mission screens after aborting a mission. 
Fixed HUD buff timers sometimes missing decimals. 
Fixed Antivirus Mods appearing faded in the Codex even if you own them. 
Fixed the Main Quests header in the Codex not showing the most recent Quest. 
Fixed Cross Platform Save players not seeing "Linked Accounts" when viewing their own Profile. 
Also fixed "Linked Accounts" tooltip not appearing when viewing Clanmates or Recent Players if you are not friends. 
Fixed offline Protoframe's birthday messages being unplayable if the birthday message is preceded by a Calendar reward. 
Fixed a rare case of a Requiem Relic becoming unselectable after refining Requiem Relics to two different levels of refinement a player didn't own before.
Fixed positioning of the Capacity UI pop-up in the Upgrade screen. 
Fixed the Chat Link list having a large empty space above the Chat Linked items listed. 
Fixed the new item "!" icon in the Arsenal lingering on screen while editing Gear/Emote wheel.
Fixed Adversary weapons showing as Mastered in the Arsenal UI after Polarizing once. 
Fixed UI elements from the Conclave Mission Progress and End of Mission screen overlapping. 
Fixed missing Conservation UI elements (i.e., Tranquillizer Rifle, Echo-Lure and Pheromones) if the player swaps to an Echo-Lure while wielding a Tranquillizer Rifle.
Fixed the Legacytes missing their boss health bar in the Temporal Archimedea Legacyte Harvest mission with the Mitosis Deviation. 
Fixed scroll bar menus in multiple areas being incorrectly sized.
Fixed Faceoff Hindrance and Boost UI disappearing while on Merulina or vehicles (e.g., Atomicycles).
Fixed missing "Player Migrated" Accolades on eligible profiles.
Fixed mission nodes disappearing after opening the Loadout select screen from the Navigation UI. 
Fixed previewing multiple Helmets in the Arsenal causing them to overlap on top of one another. 
Fixed pause menu binding losing function after repeatedly using it while talking to the Protoframe you are dating in the Backrooms. 
Fixed case where the language select dropdown couldn't be opened in the SteamDeck launcher.
Fixed Somachord Tones and Frame Fighter Fragments appearing pure black in certain areas.
Fixed an environment element bouncing around in the extraction zone in a certain section of The War Within quest. 
Fixed Uranus Grineer Defense tilesets missing the minimap.
Fixed issues with subway tiles in Höllvania to help prevent NPCs from getting stuck. 
Fixed enemy pathing issues in the Grineer Sealab Defense tile. 
Fixed ally pathing issues in Veso's segment of The New War quest.
Made fixes towards the doors in Orokin tilesets doors appearing super blown out. 
Fixed Clients seeing vehicles in Höllvania tilesets missing their body and appearing only as doors and wheels. 
Fixed an issue with one of the rock walls in the zoo Höllvania tileset disappearing. 
Fixed broken pathing in certain tiles in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed a floating TV in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed loss of function if you've been knocked out of submersible Archwing via a geyser in a Grineer Sealab Tile.
Fixed being thrown out of bounds when using Transference just as you're about to be teleported out of the Undercroft. 
Transference is now disabled during this teleport sequence to prevent further issues. 
Fixed instances of Kalymos being unable to jump up to certain areas in Legacyte Harvest.
Fixed the paratrooper squadron alarms not playing for Clients in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed Host seeing extraction popup if Client passes through a specific section in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed Clients being unable to pass through a breakable grate in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed the console you need to defend in Grineer Settlement Sabotage missions being unlit. 
Fixed being unable to progress past the crouching tutorial in the Awakening Quest due to broken geometry hindering player movement.
Fixed lighting issues in an Orokin Tower tile.
Fixed spawning in the Necralisk instead of the Sanctum Anatomica if you were previously in a Dojo or Maroo's Bazaar. 
Fixed Faceoff: Single Squad missions not being in the right season as indicated in the 1999 Calendar.
Fixed Citrine's Remnants appearing on top of the Vosphene Glyphs in the Munio, Mirror Defense mission. 
More fixes towards Technocyte Coda Duets being able to spawn behind the doors in the Höllvania loading tunnel.
Fixed being able to get on stage in the Technocyte Coda Concert using Nova's Wormhole.
Fixed rare cases of Legacyte Capture being progression stopped if Kalymos is ragdolled. 
Fixed the abandon penalty for leaving too many Faceoff: Squad vs Squad missions counting Squad vs Squad missions that swapped to AI.
Fixed rare cases of players being stuck in the Railjack loading screen if a Client leaves the session if the squad is aborting a mission.
Fixed loss of function if the Host enters the Railjack navigation screen while a vote is active, and the Railjack mission starts. 
Fixed Operator face selections not updating dynamically.
Fixed flickering in previews of various Kubrow cosmetics in Baro Ki'Teer's offerings.
Tentative fix for a rare crash when extracting from The Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed being unable to rotate Adversary dioramas in the Codex when using a controller. 
Fixed cases of Legacytes getting stuck on elevators. 
Fixed various Interior Decorations not being visible when visiting another player's Orbiter.
Also fixed Interior Decorations not saving across platforms for Cross Platform Save accounts. 
Also fixed Interior Decorations and Interior Colors not updating for visiting Clients as the Host makes changes to their Orbiter.
Fixed ragdolling enemies obstructing the camera while directly in front of them.
Fixed Protoframe and Drifter deforming after ragdolling off a K-Drive.
Fixed a dialogue typo in the Limbo Theorem Quest.
Fixed the Elder Queen missing her hat in the opening cinematic of The War Within.
Fixed Eleanor's missing belt attachments in hubs (e.g., Höllvania Central Mall, Backrooms) and cinematics.
Fixed Gemini heads appearing transparent when attached to a Sister of Parvos Hound.
Fixed the Techrot Encore Gemini heads (e.g., Kaya, Flare) showing only their hair when mounted as a Kuva Lich shoulder progenitor decoration.
Fixed Velimir's Gemini Skin speaking too quickly while using Transference between Operator/Drifter and Frost. 
Fixed Client functionality loss when capturing a target during a Host Migration.
Fixed rain splash VFX missing from ground after being revived. 
Fixed a crash when attempting to enter the Technocyte Coda Concert Stadium.
Fixed certain Operator/Drifter hairstyles with purple highlights (ie. Loid's Hairstyle, Jillian's Locks, Lettie's Hairstyle, etc.) appearing grey when changing its color in the Arsenal. 
Fixed rare script error when selecting Peely Pix in the Temporal Archimedea UI. 
Fixed Articula not saving custom scaling sizes set by player after reloading into Orbiter. 
Fixed instances where enemy Articulas are missing their weapons. 
Fixed Railjack Forward Artillery not doing as much damage to Speakers in the Coda Technocyte Concert mission when used by Clients compared to Host. 
Fixed the Video Resolution option being grayed out and reading "ColorPickerPaletteLocked" after enabling the Power Saving Mode from the launcher. 
Fixed several Syandana offset issues when equipped on the Chymerist Uniform and Grunge Outfit. 
Fixed physics issues with the Drifter Rusalka Hairstyle and various other Drifter Cuts.
Fixed offset issues with the Brazontik Armor set. 
Fixed Warframe flickering in and out of visibility in the Backroom's Syndicate screen. 
Fixed some of the Companion Mod ability SFX not playing. 
Fixed a broken texture on Gauss' lower back.
Fixed energy colors on the EFV-8 Mars pistol.
Fixed the wrong animations being used when aiming while wall-latching and in melee-only mode. 
Fixed previously used weapons not being auto-equipped after stabbing an Adversary for the final time.
Fixed both Legacytes fleeing when only one Legacyte has low health in Temporal Archimedea when the Mitosis Deviation is active.
Fixed Excalibur not performing a deflection animation while blocking with the Melee weapon chosen during the Awakening Quest.
Fixed a crash following a Host Migration during the Ropalolyst fight after a Client generates Melee Crescendo stacks with Ash.
Fixed Clients losing functionality due to desyncing from the Host following a seamless transition.
Fixed Gemini Skins missing their military-esque straps and detailing while viewed in the Conclave Arsenal screen.
Fixed unintended SFX when opening the Arsenal with the Tonkkatt equipped.
Fixed cases of color pickers appearing twice in Heirloom collection descriptions in the Market.
Fixed missing Coda Cyst offsets on Equinox Prime. 
Fixed cases of duplicate "goodbye" dialogue when talking to your Hex partner in the Backroom.
Fixed players being immune to Void Angels' impale attack while riding Atomicycle. 
Fixed several Syandana offset issues on the Velimir Gemini Skin. 
Fixed Excalibur's Exalted Blade remaining visible after using Arthur's Gemini Emote. 
Fixed script error in Inaros' passive. 
Fixed script error after Polarizing a Coda Weapon and then swapping to another weapon in the Arsenal. 
Fixed recently customized Warframe Articulas becoming unselectable while decorating The Backrooms.
Fixed Kahl's face deforming after using a Gemini Emote in Captura. 
Fixed Volt's Raijin Skin's Auxiliary Sleeves disappearing while equipped on Volt's Prominence Skin.
Fixed Eleanor's eyes having an underlying purple hue. 
Fixed Vintage Tech (Peely Pix) non-death Necramech summon cooldown to be 10s.
If you summon the Necramech from the wheel, the cooldown is 10s, so you don't have to go far back in the map to retrieve it.
If your Necramech dies, the cooldown before using it again is (60/120/180).
Fixed incorrect weapon trail VFX on numerous Fist subclass Melee weapons.
Fixed Warframe not pausing in menus during the Awakening Quest.
Fixed Sentient Battalysts missing their arms in the Simulacrum.
Fixed Garuda's Talons and Mesa's Regulators appearing invisible on their respective Warframe when unequipped.
Fixed a rare case of a romanced Protoframe being in the background of certain Hex Quest moments.
Fixed Predasite and Vulpaphyla previews in Inventory are broken if another Companion is roaming the Orbiter. 
Fixed Energy Color preview in the Backroom not previewing with the background VFX like it does in the Orbiter.
Fixed the Bleeding Body Ephemera colour not matching the preview icon.
Fixed Trinity's Passive remaining for other players even if she leaves the squad mid-mission.
Fixed Prod Crewmen struggling to hit Defense pods in Corpus Outpost Defense missions. 
Fixed various objects appearing massive when orbiting around Titania during Razorwing.
For a list of known issues following this update that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.11
**Date:** 2025-04-17T15:04:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
After a back-and-forth review, we have re-enabled the ability to dodge during Qorvex's Fused Crucible Augment, but with a 40% reduced dodge speed as per its "mobility reduced" description. 
This also fixes Parkour velocity Mods not affecting the movement. Rock and Dodge, baby. 
Clients joining in-progress Höllvania missions will now spawn near the Host instead of entering via the tunnel and running to catch up with their squad.
The Temple defense target in Stage Defense now has a 90% damage reduction against Blitz Eximus attacks.
While Blitz Eximus would not target Temple, they could get caught in the crossfire and take enormous amounts of damage, especially in Temporal Archimedea missions.
Mods incorrectly placed in Arcane and Exilus slots are now removed.
These Mods could be put into the incorrect slots when duplicating a Config on Exalted Weapons. We fixed this in 38.5.10 but the Mods were not removed in that patch.
Improved the accuracy of Ballistas, especially at long range.
Also fixed the Tusk Ballista missing their laser sight.

### Fixes
Technocyte Coda Changes & Fixes:
Hex Bounties with missions that have a Technocyte Coda Duet Chance will now be marked with a Technocyte Coda icon in the Bounties screen. 
Players can also see their current Duet Chance by hovering over eligible Bounties.
Acolytes (and similar foes, like Stalker) will now wait for a Technocyte Coda Duet to be defeated before spawning in.
This addresses an issue where Acolytes and Technocyte Coda health bars would messily combine if they were in-mission at the same time.
Fixes towards edge-cases of players being unable to stab their Technocyte Coda during a showdown.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Showdown missions being included in the mission pool for the "Join Any Crew" button in the Railjack Starchart.
Fixed loss of function if you're in Necramech when a squadmate fully dies during the fight with their Technocyte Coda in a Showdown.
Fixed the Technocyte Coda Showdown using the Infested icon in the Navigation Screen (instead of the custom Technocyte Coda icon).
Fixed the Hold Your Breath Mission Deviation not working when there are no active Hell-Scrubbers in Temporal Archimedea.
Fixed Auto-Install not equipping Mods in slots with Omni polarities.
Fixed loss of function when attempting to duplicate a Mod config if players own many different versions of that weapon.
Fixed the fur on Minerva's Gemini Skin having a permanent blue tint.
Fixed cloth stretching on Chroma, Wukong, and Rhino.
Fixed the Coda Cyst causing Equinox Prime's head to become detached for Clients.
Fixed Antivirus Mods not appearing in the Reward Pop-Up at the end of Antivirus Bounty missions.
Fixed cases of being able to leave the map with the Atomicycle.
Fixed missing Hex Bounty objectives and Hex members if the Host joins the mission from their Orbiter.
Fixed players getting stuck out of bounds if spamming the interact button when Archwing Slingshotting to the Technocyte Coda Stadium.
Fixed Octavia's Metronome cancelling out the Stadium music in the Technocyte Coda showdown.
Fixed Archwing Slingshot not functioning correctly for Hosts if a squadmate has used up all of their revives in a Railjack mission.
Fixed an issue when using Auto-Install on "indirect" Exalted weapons (ex: Venari's Claws).
This also fixes a soft-lock when Auto-Installing Mods on the Necramech.
Fixed missing HUD elements during a section of The Hex Finale quest.
Fixed Drifter HUD elements remaining on the screen at the end of The Hex Finale.
Fixed a certain cinematic after completing a replay of The Hex Quest if players have already completed The Hex Finale.
This cinematic indicates a player's progress in unlocking The Hex Finale, so it's not necessary to watch it after replays if they have already completed it.
Fixed not all enemies being alert in the Eleanor and Lettie segment of The Hex Quest.
Fixed the Dual Coda Torxica and Coda Bassocyst's reticles not scaling with HUD scale.
Fixed the Antivirus Mods category being the default view in the Parazon upgrade screen.
It will continue to be the default view when upgrading your Parazon from the Technocyte Coda screen, but viewing your Parazon from the Arsenal should now properly default to the "All Mods" view.
Fixed text in the insufficient Riven Slots pop-up exceeding the textbox for Cyrillic languages.
Fixed cases of being trapped in a black void with Fibonacci when ranking up in the Cavia Syndicate.
Fixed the "Feed" button lingering on the screen when feeding resources to the Helminth and swapping to the Archon Shard screen before cancelling the feed.
Fixed swapping between keyboard and controller while mid-KIM conversation causing the Profile icon to break.
Fixed an edge case of The Hex chat in KIM repeating introductory conversations for the new Protoframes.
Fixes towards the Codex preview clipping through the table at the Codex Station in the Orbiter.
Fixed a rare case of Domestik Drones causing menus to automatically close in the Backroom.
Fixed a script error caused by Ember's Fire Blast if every squad member was playing Ember.
Fixed a script error when hitting an enemy with a spear gun's alt-fire.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.10
**Date:** 2025-04-09T19:28:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The "Mission Tutorial Transmissions" toggle now applies to Excavation, Survival, Hijack, Sabotage, Defense, and Rescue missions.
Mods equipped in an Omni Polarity slot will now display an Omni Polarity indicator in the Upgrade Menu to help easily identify where Omni Forma have been installed.
Made general improvements to the Auto Install system:
Having duplicate copies of one Mod will no longer skew its weighting compared to similar Mods.
Mods with specific weapon buffs will no longer be prioritized on weapons that don't benefit from that buff.
Weapons that don't benefit from Attack Speed will now heavily deprioritize attack speed mods.
Fixed Mods with a negative priority becoming accidentally super prioritized if they're deprioritized further.
Fixed Auto Install not putting Mods in slots with an Omni Polarity.
Added Protea, Gyre, and Nidus Community Customizations from Prime Time 431.

### Fixes
Technocyte Coda Changes & Fixes:
Technocyte Coda Duets spawned behind the tunnel doors in Höllvania missions will now be teleported out of the inaccessible tile. 
Coda Duets were spawning in the tunnel if the respective player became AFK as soon as they exited the tunnel. This change should now place the Duet spawn in a playable space near the player instead of picking the tunnel. Please let us know if this issue persists! 
The "Malware Found!" pop-up in the NavNow screen in the Pom-2 will now say "Malware Isolated!" once your Technocyte Coda is at 100% Virality.
Fixed Technocyte Codas being permanently ragdolled by the Crescent Charge precept, resulting in players being unable to stab their Codas during the Showdown.
Fixed the Stadium Light Show stage in the Technocyte Coda Showdown not playing if the Host has run out of revives.
Fixed both a Host and Client with high latency sometimes causing the Technocyte Coda Showdown to not progress.
Fixed the cutscene not playing properly for clients when entering the Stadium in the Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Fixed VFX and SFX of the Stadium Lightshow freezing for remaining players if a Client left during that segment in their Technocyte Coda fight.
Fixed Converted Technocyte Coda who appear to offer assistance in-mission not using their custom tints.
Fixed a rare progression stop if a Client is out of Revives in a Technocyte Coda fight but their squad triggers an Encore despite all other Codas already being fought.
Fixed a crash when stabbing a Technocyte Coda that was downed prior to a Host Migration occurring in the Showdown mission.
Fixed the seeking projectiles from Dante's Noctua not dealing damage to enemies outside of the Simulacrum.
Fixed the Quick Select tool in the Mod Menu not respecting the "Keep Extra Unranked Copies" value if the number is typed (instead of using the up/down arrows to change the value).
Also fixed using the Quick Select tool twice in a row without exiting the Mod screen resulting in the second "Keep Extra Unranked Copies" value not being respected.
Fixed duplicating a Mod config on an Exalted Weapon putting Mods into the Arcane or Exilus slot (where they clearly don't belong!).
Fixed the EFV-8 Mars being able to equip the Semi-Pistol Cannonade mod.
This weapon has a charged alt-fire, meaning it doesn't fit the Semi-Auto Trigger requirement.
Fixed being unable to interact with the Lizzie Shawzin Decoration once placed.
If you're wondering "What Lizzie Shawzin?" we suggest completing the Flare x Lizzie KIM conversation ;) 
Fixed loss of function when evolving an Incarnon Weapon at Cavalero after viewing the same weapon in your Arsenal first while in the Chyrsalith.
Fixed cases of sending Kaya a birthday message before completing her story arc resulting in her Chemistry Rank changing to "Associates", causing players to think they may have earned a different ending.
Fixed a hitch for Clients when loading into a Höllvania mission if a Technocyte Coda Duet has already spawned.
Fixed a hitch when swapping to Dante and modding other equipment in Simulacrum.
Fixed performance issues caused by the Riot-848 pistol.
Fixed performance issues caused by the cutscene at the end of the H-09 Efervon Tank fight.
Fixed scans of the Saturn Six Fugitives not counting towards their Codex entry.
Fixed Amir's headset floating in cutscenes at the end of The Hex Finale.
Fixed missing transmissions during the Defense mission in the Once Awake quest.
Fixed a texture issue on the EFV-8 Mars.
Fixed Harrow's Condemn missing its chain textures.
Fixed cloth issues on Khora Prime's and Nova Aozakura's skirts.
Fixed cases of some Mods not being copied over when duplicating a Mod Config on Exalted weapons.
Fixed ranking up a Mod in the Upgrade Screen causing your search bar to clear (oftentimes resulting in you losing visibility on the Mod you were ranking up).
Fixed the Strun Wraith missing its recoil stat for its Incarnon Form (when it has an Incarnon Adapter installed).
Also fixed it using the default Strun Wraith icon if it had an Incarnon Adapter installed.
Fixed various Syndicate, Coda, and Gemini Emotes causing Drifter faces to be distorted when used in Duviri.
Fixed a small tint issue on the neck of the Amir Gemini Skin.
Fixed debug VFX appearing on tentacles spawned in Legacyte Harvest missions.
Fixed the Coda Bassocyst and Dual Coda Torxica reticles persisting in Captura.
Fixed a script error in the Railjack Crew management screen.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when changing the window size if the game client uses DirectX 12.
Fixed a small memory leak that would occur when changing window size or toggling full-screen on Windows.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.9
**Date:** 2025-04-07T18:47:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Reduced Primed Steady Hands' capacity cost from 16 to 12 at max rank, making it in line with other Primed Reload Speed Mods.
Players no longer need to complete Solstice Square on the Normal Path before they can unlock completion progress for the Steel Path in Höllvania. 
As a refresher, players must play all Normal Path nodes in Höllvania before completion of Steel Path nodes can be registered. Since Solstice Square requires players to reach Rank 4 in the Hex Syndicate, this meant they were haunted by "!" on their Steel Path nodes until they unlocked that mission. Now, completing Solstice Square on the Normal Path is no longer required to earn Steel Path progress. 
Solstice Square completion on the Steel Path is still required to earn 1999 Steel Path Trophies.
This change was patched live on Friday last week, but we're calling out here for visibility!
Polished cloth physics on the TennoCon Riftguard Syandana.

### Fixes
Fixed Techrot pieces of Minvera's Gemini Skin being untintable.
Fixed a squad member running out of revives in a Technocyte Coda Showdown resulting in the rest of the team being progression stopped if the dead player has not yet taken down their Coda. 
Now their Coda will be properly skipped if they are in this state.
Also fixed players in this state being unable to return to the Railjack, resulting in a progression stop.
Also fixed the incorrect objective being shown for squadmates if a player has run out of revives prior to the Stadium segment of this fight. 
Fixed the ability to bypass the dodge/roll restriction during Qorvex's Fused Crucible by swapping weapons.
The noted mobility restrictions are there as a balance measure to what is a very powerful Augment. 
More fixes towards cases of Technocyte Coda Duets spawning in the loading tunnel in Höllvania missions.
Fixed Saturn Six Fugitives having unintentionally valuable drop tables. 
We've confiscated the extra goodies from their drop tables, and now they should simply drop ammo, health, and energy pickups.
The Wolf's droptables have been untouched!
Fixed cases of enemies being able to spawn behind a locked door in Wolf Hunt missions.
Also fixed cases of enemies being stuck in a broken state in Wolf Hunt missions, possibly resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed Packet's Blink Slam ability being able to teleport him out of bounds in the Technocyte Coda Showdown mission, possibly resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed specific terminals in the Höllvania tileset having offset hacking screens, meaning they were unable to be used to revive enemies in Temporal Archimedea.
Fixed using Coda Bassocyst's alt-fire while on a zipline leaving the player with broken zipline animations and the target enemy unaffected.
Fixed players incorrectly having the "Associates" rank with Flare in KIM after reaching a certain milestone.
If you were in this state prior to the hotfix, you should be able to fix your Rank by talking to Flare once more (if you haven't already).
Fixed Gyre Vortengeist Skin's VFX elements not appearing in missions in the Origin System.
Fixed various UI polish issues in Eleanor's Coda Weapon screen, including an empty "missing requirements" UI element appearing on purchased Coda Weapons.
Fixed an additional confirmation dialogue being applied to (non-Platinum) "bundle" purchases at various Vendors. 
Ex: purchasing Debt-Bonds from Ticker.
Now the purchase flow should require one click only.
Fixed a duplicate list of Arcanes appearing in Arcane Collections in Loid's Arcane Dissolution screen, resulting in the on-hover description of the Arcane Collection running off the screen.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.8
**Date:** 2025-04-04T14:55:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Quick Friday hotfix to address Technocyte Coda Duets not spawning when players are at 100% Chance. A few other fixes snuck in, so enjoy this small pre-weekend patch!
Fixed Technocyte Coda Duets consistently not spawning despite being at 100% Spawn Chance. 
Fixed Scourge's Alt Fire not proc'ing for Clients. 
Fixed Minerva Gemini Skin's legs being unlit.
Also polished cloth physics on Minerva's skirts.
Fixed Modular Companions (and K-Drives) missing their preview in Vendor screens.
Fixed missing dialogue choice in Kaya's KIM conversation.
Fixed a script error caused by the Techrot Matmas.
Fixed the TennoCon Riftguard Syandana blocking player views while on the Atomicycle. Now it should dissolve from the screen until you get off your bike!
Fixed Nova's Molecular Prime waves only lasting 10s instead of the modded duration.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.7
**Date:** 2025-04-03T19:33:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Warframes now have an equal chance to roll an Invigoration in the Helminth. 
Previously their chance was individually weighted, but we've made it the same across all Warframes.
Since Invigorations have already been generated this week, players will see this change apply to Invigoration generations on Monday, April 7 at 0:00 UTC. 
Removed the "feet planted" requirement for the High Ground Bounty Objective, meaning players can accomplish it mid-air. 
Also greatly reduced the distance required for kills to count.
Updated Eleanor's fast travel description to include Coda Weapons.
Multiplayer Technocyte Coda Showdown missions will now reward 1 extra Live Heartcell per defeated Technocyte Coda. 
This means a squad of 4 players will earn 3 extra Live Heartcells if each member successfully defeats their Coda.
These bonus Live Heartcells are rewarded regardless if you Conquered or Vanquished your Coda.
Improved performance issues caused by Drillbit's Magnetic Manipulation ability.
Fixed all equipped Antivirus Mods losing a charge when reaching 100% Virality on Technocyte Coda.
Now only the correct Antivirus Mod will lose its charge.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Duets being able to spawn in the loading tunnel in Höllvania missions.
We tried to address this in an earlier hotfix, but this should cover additional cases of this happening. Once more with feeling!
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow not being able to move after entering the Stadium in the Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Fixed being on Merulina when triggering the cinematic upon entering the Stadium in the Technocyte Coda Showdown causing Yareli to spawn outside of the arena.
Fixed cases of Technocyte Coda Duets dropping Kuva when stabbed with the Parazon.
Fixed a rare case of double Host Migrations in a Technocyte Coda Showdown mission causing multiple boybands to spawn.
Fixed Titania's Razorwing being able to enter a tiny hole into the Technocyte Coda Showdown Stadium before she is meant to.
Fixed a script error in Technocyte Coda Showdown missions.
Fixed a script error related to Technocyte Coda Duet spawning.

### Fixes
Fixed losing access to your Primary or Secondary weapons if you entered an Archwing Slingshot with an Exalted Primary or Secondary weapon active.
Fixes towards Atlas getting stuck in the animation of his first melee attack in-mission if he has Rumblers activated with the Rumbled Augment.
Fixed Vauban's Tesla Nervos not being affected by the "Pause AI" toggle in the Simulacrum.
Fixed picking up Syndicate Medallions while on Merulina causing the total picked-up amount to say "0".
Fixed one of Baruuk's Serene Storm tips incorrectly stating that the Ability does not respect Line of Sight.
Fixed the Stardust Signa not retaining custom tints in-mission.
Also fixed it disappearing in the Navigation menu.
Fixes towards various cloth issues on the Drifter Chymerist Suit.
Fixed the Goth Jacket's tail being deformed.
Fixed Heartwood Leg Plates being warped.
Fixed the Pazuul Propaganda Cameras having offset VFX from the reticle when using it to hack terminals in Break Narmer missions.
Fixed Lizzie clipping into Temple's arm in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed a script error related to Atlas' Rumblers.
Fixed a script error caused by Nova's Molecular Prime.
Coda weapons now have a Coda icon next to their name in the Arsenal, to match their Kuva and Tenet counterparts.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.6
**Date:** 2025-04-02T17:37:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Based on Community feedback, a Void-Swept version of the TennoCon Riftguard Syandana has been added as its own equippable cosmetic! The TennoCon Riftguard Emote will transform it back to the base version should you choose to do so.
Players who already own the Digital Pack will receive the Void-Swept version upon downloading the Hotfix. Moving forward, all Digital Pack purchases will also include the item. 
Various polish tweaks on VFX for the Riftguard Emote.
Fixed the ends of TennoCon Riftguard Syandana curling upward in the Arsenal.
Fixed the TennoCon Riftguard Emote SFX not stopping when the emote is cancelled.
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse causing the TennoCon Riftguard Syandana to block the screen.
Increased the damage needed to throw the Magnetic Manipulation concrete back at Drillbit from 500 to 7500 in the Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Fixed cases of Companions permanently dying in Technocyte Coda Showdowns.
Fixed Speaker Blasts in Technocyte Coda Showdown missions not respecting Knockdown Resist.
Fixed killing DJ RoM at a specific time while he is casting Spectorage causing him to be unkillable in Technocyte Coda Showdown missions.
Fixed Stalker being able to spawn for Clients in Technocyte Coda Showdown missions.
Fixed accounts of players who had 8/8 Antivirus Mods marked as Incorrect for their Technocyte Coda, resulting in them not being able to increase their Virality.
The correct Antivirus Mod should now be indicated in your Technocyte Coda menu!
Fixed a rare case of double Host Migrations in a Technocyte Coda Showdown causing the new host to fall through the floor.
Fixed a rare case of Techrot Invaders having a large delay between spawns in Technocyte Coda Showdown missions.
Fixed cases of missing animations in Technocyte Coda transmissions when approaching the Stadium in the Showdown.
Fixed missing or broken Ability descriptions for Converted Technocyte Coda in the Railjack Crew management menu.
Fixed the Luv-Byte Ephemera appearing too dark in-mission.
Fixed misaligned VFX on the Heart Beat Ephemera.
Fixed issues with Zeke's jumping animations.
Fixed Potency Mods not being searchable by the "potency" search term.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Crew using default tints in-mission (ex: when summoned via On-Call Crew, etc.).
Fixed quitting a Technocyte Coda Showdown mission while in the Stadium having a confusing flow. Players can now simply "Abort Mission" like expected.
Fixed a script error related to DJ RoM's Abilities in the Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Fixed a script error when a second Technocyte Coda Duet spawned soon after the first one was defeated in Höllvania missions.
Fixed a script error that could occur in Hard Drive's charge attack.

### Fixes
Fixed being able to play Stage Defense Bounties if you were not Rank 4 in the Hex Syndicate.
Also fixed Clients being able to extract from Stage Defense Bounties if the Bounty Objective has not been completed.
Fixed the Breathless Peely Pix's timer starting while players are in the loading tunnel. Now, the Gas/Toxin resistance timer will start once players have properly loaded into the Temporal Archimedea mission.
Fixed EFV-5 Jupiter missing its pre-made build in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed Scaldra Flayers having an unintentionally high spawn chance in Techrot missions. 
There are a few Scaldra units who have a very low chance of showing up to take on the Techrot. The Flayer's spawn chance has been fixed to match the others.
Fixed Aoi's hair (and her matching Operator/Drifter Haircut) having weirdly bent bangs.
Fixed stretched textures on the cloth around Amir's waist.
Fixed various offsets for Temple.
Fixed offset issues for the Brazontik Armor Set on the Gyre Vortengeist Skin.
Fixed the Coda Pathocyst using the incorrect model when thrown.
Fixed missing first letter on bolded terms in descriptions (indicating they have an on-hover popup).
Fixed infested tendrils impeding player movement in certain Höllvania tiles.
"Never again shall we be hindered by the infested broccoli florets"
Amir, probably
Fixed Clients not seeing enemy ability VFX caused by the Parallel Evolution Mission Deviation in Hell-Scrub Temporal Archimedea missions.
Fixed rollover lights in Ollie's Crash Course turning on without players driving over them if the player has restarted the race.
Fixed being unable to use controller input to access the sorting dropdown menu in the "Change Crewmember" screen in the Railjack Crew menu.
Fixed K-Drive Race leaderboards displaying time instead of score.
Fixed Mandachord music playing while using the Pom-2.
Fixed text overlapping the Profile icon in the KIM screen for certain languages.
Fixed the Dormizone having a "Pom-2" fast travel option in the pause menu.
Fixed incorrect energy color appearing for Heirloom skins on the True Master's Font relay statue.
Fixed equipped Incarnon weapons not holstering correctly when swapping between other weapons in the Arsenal.
Fixed being unable to chat link the Dex Laurus Ephemera.
Fixed Resetting Decorations in the Obstacle Course Architect room causing placed Polychrome Decorations to also be removed, which led to players being unable to re-place a Polychrome Decoration.
Now Polychrome Decorations are not removed using the "Reset Decorations" option in the Dojo since they are not a traditional decoration.
If your Dojo was affected by this bug, you should be able to place a Polychrome Decoration once more in the affected room.
Fixed a crash when selecting Unresearched Polychrome Colors in the Polychrome Decoration menu if the Clan has no Polychrome researched.
Fixed players losing functionality upon death in Wyrmius.
Fixed loss of function that could occur if an Xtra Cheese event starts while in the NavNow menu in the Pom-2.
Fixed a script error related to Railjack Point of Interests.
Fixed a script error related to Temple's Exalted Guitar.
Fixed a script error related to the Railjack HUD.
Fixed a script error in Void Cascade.
Fixed a script error caused by Atlas' Passive.
Fixed a script error related to the precipitation system. 
Fixed a script error related to the Gear Wheel.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when playing with DirectX 12 on Windows.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.5
**Date:** 2025-03-27T20:32:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.5:
Re-enabled Auto-Disband for publicly matchmade squads. 
We disabled this mechanic in the last Hotfix as it was causing players to get stuck on the End of Mission screen and have to forcibly exit the game. Our hope is that this issue was fixed. We'll be closely monitoring reports and will disable this mechanic again if it is causing further issues.
Also fixed Archon Hunt squads being disbanded after each mission, instead of staying together until the third mission is complete as intended.
Pheroglands now have a unique waypoint in Legacyte Harvest missions.
These waypoints will appear for players within 25m as a way of highlighting this speed-up mechanic for Kalymos.
Updated Coda Bassocyst's unique trait description to explain the buff earned from Mercy Kills.
Now reads: "Alternate Fire swarms enemies with mites, inflicting them with Impact and Magnetic Status Effects. If the targeted enemy is open to Mercy Kills perform a ranged finisher instead. Perform a Mercy Kill to gain +100% Damage and +100% Multishot."
Also fixed Coda Bassocyst's Mercy Kill buff missing an icon and description in-mission.
Disabled Ability use in the Legendary Rank 5 test as you don't need Abilities to hack.
This addresses players being able to use Perspicacity to auto-hack these consoles, which goes against the spirit of this test.
Replaced a few more words in the Technocyte Coda name generator and made further refinements to the name generation system to avoid unfortunate name combinations.
Increased the grace window of Temple's metronome SFX from 4 to 7 Backbeat beats. 
Also slightly increased the volume of the metronome SFX.
Increased the volume on SFX for the Techrot Cache and Techrot Cache key. 
Also slightly increased the radius at which they can be heard.
Various Technocyte Coda animation fixes and polish.
Polished various Technocyte Coda SFX.
Refined the SFX mix for Gemini Skin voice lines to avoid unintended fluctuations in enemy sounds.
Fixed Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment transforming all Melee damage into the enemy's weakness type, instead of just the base Impact Damage.
Removed a feature of Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment that tried to build towards the enemy faction weakness that you modded for.
The enemy weakness targeted will now be consistent regardless of Mods, prioritizing Combined Elemental Damage types, and never choosing a Physical Damage type.
This also fixes an issue where Impact Damage was always prioritized instead of Corrosive Damage when fighting Grineer and Scaldra.
Fixed Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment combining base Elemental weaknesses with modded base Elements.

### Fixes
Fixed certain accounts being stuck replaying the same missions in The Hex Quest replays.
Fixed not being able to swap the polarity on the Exilus Slot.
Fixed cases of enemies spawning very far away in Stage Defense missions.
Now, enemies can only spawn in the defense objective tile.
Fixed Melee Doughty's Critical Multiplier bonus cap being unintentionally lowered to 10x with the Gara's Shattered Lash changes.
It should be 50x once more!
Fixed Equinox Prime literally losing her head when she has a Coda Cyst.
Fixed being unable to select Lettie in a certain section of The Hex Quest.
Fixed Stalker being able to invade Technocyte Coda Showdown missions, possibly resulting in progression stop. 
Known issue: Stalker can still be summoned via a Stalker Beacon.
Fixed being unable to add Aura mods to the "Skip These Mods" in the Quick Select screen in the Mods menu.
Fixed Necramechs not spawning in Temporal Archimedea for Clients who equipped the Vintage Tech Peely Pix.
Fixed cases of Teshin's element switching mechanic not having a tutorial pop-up in The New War if the player used the mechanic before they get to the relevant section in the mission.
Fixed being able to get out of bounds in a certain part of Teshin's section in The New War quest.
Fixed Gara's Shattered Lash showing incorrect original Critical Multiplier when equipped with Arcane Melee Doughty.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Mixtapes spawning in Temporal Archimedea missions.
Fixed being able to kill Technocyte Coda while they're still on-stage, causing some unintended complications.
Fixed Umbral Mods' set bonuses not updating on-hover in the Upgrade Screen. 
Fixed Dojo Transporter text being difficult to read.
Fixed the Heart-Beat Ephemera not retaining custom energy colors in Höllvania missions.
Fixed various armor and holster offsets on the Gyre Vortengeist Skin.
Fixed various offsets for the Lunarius Syandana.
Fixed incorrect offset on the Riv Elite Leg Guard on Cyte-09.
Fixed various offsets for the Endocitos Shoulder Armor.
Fixed various offset issues with the Chymerist Drifter Suit.
Fixed a bright yellow light appearing near the Railjack Pilot Seat for low-spec machines.
Fixed controller users being unable scroll in a "Related Items" list in the Market if the Market item you're previewing has a rotatable diorama.
Fixed various edge-case issues for pro-rated bundles.
Fixed Gift of the Lotus Alert missions on Earth sometimes overlapping with the Cetus node in the Navigation Menu.
Fixed a script error related to activating Null Star as a Railjack ability.
Fixed a case of function loss when exiting the Arsenal.
Fixed out of memory crashes caused by the Ability Overload Risk Variable in Archimedea missions.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.4
**Date:** 2025-03-26T19:47:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Temporarily removed the "Auto-Disband Public Matchmade Squads" feature as it was causing players to lose function when leaving missions.
More specifically this fixes players who returned from missions (Hollvania, Orbiter, etc) and experienced a loss of function, resulting in having to reboot the game.
We'll revisit re-adding this feature in our next Cert build to ensure its return is stable. 
The Hell-Scrubber speed-up mechanic in Temporal Archimedea now only requires players to kill the marked Techrot Babau to decrease the mission timer.
Previously, these Techrot Babau would drop a "Hell-Scrubber Detonator" that players would need to bring to a Hell-Scrubber tower. This mechanic wasn't entirely clear to players, so we've simplified it to mirror the Rogue Necramech Eximus mechanic in Deep Archimedea.
Increased the number of Backbeat beats that Temple's Metronome SFX will play for from 3 to 4.
This gives players a little more wiggle room to continue triggering the Metronome SFX when they're consistently casting Temple's abilities. 
As a refresher, the SFX will play on the first successful Backbeat hit, and will continue to play until they have not cast an Ability on the Backbeat for 4 beats. 
Our original patch note indicated it persisted for 5 beats — this was incorrect, oops!
Further SFX polish for Temple's Abilities.
Increased the volume on Temple's Metronome.

### Fixes
Fixed Temple's passive not functioning correctly in Höllvania missions.
Fixed host migration after 3 waves of Stage Defense causing the ground to not break properly, resulting in returning players possibly being progression stopped.
This fix also addressed similar issues with the Stöfler defense mission on Lua.
Fixed a crash when attempting to remove an Incarnon Genesis at Cavalero.
Fixed the Antivirus Bounty missing an Extraction Waypoint if it was an Exterminate mission with the Volatile Techrot bounty modifier.
Fixed using a Gemini Emote with many appearance configs but none of them containing a Gemini Skin causing performance issues for Clients.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to core engine code.
Fixed a small memory leak caused by the Leaping Thrasher's VFX.
Fixed various Syandana offsets on the Chymerist Suit.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Duets being able to spawn behind the doors in the Höllvania loading tunnel.
Fixed Legacyte having difficulty getting off the subway tracks in a new Höllvania tile. Nothing wrong with asking for uppies.
Fixed being able to trade the Coda Bassocyst.
Fixed being unable to purchase a pro-rated bundle if the player has placed all owned decorations available in that bundle.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemakers not always being visible on her model in-mission.
Fixed being unable to Chat Link the Lovestruck Ephemera.
Fixed a script error related to Ash's Blade Storm.
Fixed a script error when using Ash's Blade Storm in an Archimedea mission with the Fortified Foes Risk Variable.
Fixed potential crashes that could occur on shutdown when running DirectX 11.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.3
**Date:** 2025-03-25T18:03:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.3:
Steel Path and Arbitrations now only require players to have completed the Star Chart up until The New War to unlock these mission types. As a result, we have removed the requirement to complete the following nodes:
Zariman Ten Zero missions (those unlocked by the Angels of the Zariman Quest)
Albrecht's Laboratories missions (those unlocked by the Whispers in the Walls Quest)
Höllvania missions (those unlocked by The Hex Quest)
After a heart-to-heart with Kaya, her unintentional curse has been reinstituted with a Nova-minded version.
If we ever decide to drop an F-bomb in Warframe, it won't be by accident (unlike on our Devstreams). 
The Mission Tutorial Transmissions toggle now applies to transmissions in Deep Archimedea and Temporal Archimedea missions.
Stage Defense Bounties will now indicate that Extraction is blocked if the bounty objective has not been met on the Leave/Continue screen.
Previously, Extraction was unavailable, but this restriction was not communicated to players, resulting in possible confusion as to why the Extract option was not working.
Improved enemy pathing in the lower stage of Stage Defense missions.
Also updated the minimap in this lower stage to more accurately display the area accessible to the player.
Increased Coda Sporothix's magazine size from 9 to 11.
Refined Temple's Ability SFX for allies to reduce audio fatigue.
Added metronome SFX to help players time their casts to Temple's Backbeat. 
The Metronome SFX starts when you cast an Ability on the Backbeat and will play for 5 3 beats and turn off if you have stopped casting. We implemented it this way so Temple doesn't have a metronome playing 100% of the time.
You can turn this off via the "Metronome Audio" setting in Temple's Abilities Menu.
Improved SFX on Techrot Cache keys to make them easier to find.
Crossfire missions now display the actual mission time in the Navigation screen.
Previously, the mission type was only revealed once selecting the node/Alert itself.
Rauta's unique trait now gives combo to your Exalted Melee if it's your Active Melee Weapon.
Melee Crescendo specific changes:
Ash's Bladestorm now benefits from Melee Crescendo!
Removed the ability to equip Melee Crescendo on Whipclaw, Shattered Lash, and Landslide Fists as they cannot perform Finishers.
Melee Crescendo now only increases the initial Combo of a weapon on Finishers performed with the weapon to which Crescendo is applied.
The only exception to this rule is Parazon Finishers which will count towards all weapons on which Melee Crescendo equipped.
Channelled Exalted Melee Weapons (ex: Exalted Blade) will still only be able to stack up Melee Crescendo while they are active. Melee Crescendo stacks will persist while the Exalted Weapon is inactive but new stacks can't be gained until it is Channelled once more.
Ash's Blade Storm:
Fixed Ash's Blade Storm sometimes not properly tracking already-dead enemies, resulting in function loss.
Fixed killing targets Marked by Ash's Blade Storm not properly refunding Energy.
Fixed Combat Discipline not triggering from Ash's Blade Storm kills.
Fixed Blade Storm's Ability Combo Counter not always appearing for Clients.
Fixed broken enemy perception if players used Transference while Ash's Teleport and Blade Storm are being cast.
Baruuk's Serene Storm:
Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment will now prioritize Desert Wind's dominant damage type if it matches an enemy's weakness. 
If there are no matches, it will now prioritize the Combined Elemental damage type (Viral, Corrosive, etc.)
Fixed Baruuk's Serene Storm waves not triggering Melee Influence.
Mesa's Peacemaker:
Fixed a very short delay after deactivating Mesa's Peacemaker that prevented player input.
Fixed Mesa not equipping your last-equipped weapon after disabling Peacemaker.
Titania's Diwata and Dex Pixia:
Re-enabled Exilus Slot on Titania's Diwata to allow players to use Parry or Block Mods.
Fixed Ratka Dark Dagger's unique trait triggering when swapping between Titania's Dex Pixia and Diwata while in Razonwing.
Gara's Shattered Lash:
Fixed Melee Doughty not applying to Shattered Lash in-mission.
Fixed Melee Doughty applying to the Arc version of the attack in the Simulacrum, despite it having no Puncture status.
Now this Arcane works as one would expect, only applying the increased Critical Damage when using the pure Puncture version of the attack.
Also fixed Melee Doughty appearing to affect the Critical Multiplier of the Arcing Damage in the Update Screen. 
This was mostly UI only, as it only applied in Simualcrum missions.
Added safeguards to prevent the ability erroneously doing negative damage.
Adjusted Potency Mod drop rate to provide a more consistent drop rate in missions.
Removed more words from Technocyte Coda name generation to avoid unfortunate word combinations.
Polished various Technocyte Coda animations.
Polished various SFX in the Technocyte Coda Showdown mission.
Polished the Coda Weapon purchase screen.
The Antivirus Bounty now appears at the top of the Bounty list to ensure players don't miss it.
Fixed Technocyte Coda not progressing to Showdown once reaching 100% Virality.
We have run an account update that unlocks the Railjack Showdown mission if you were in this state.
Fixed Traded Technocyte Codas not progressing properly. 
We've re-enabled Technocyte Coda trading now that they're working as intended!
Fixed enemies no longer spawning in a Technocyte Coda Showdown if two host migrations occur in the same session.
Fixed Technocyte Coda Showdown cinematic being broken for Clients.
Fixed concrete thrown by Drillbit in Technocyte Coda Showdown not properly disappearing.
Also fixed floating concrete being thrown back at Drillbit if players so much as sneezed in its direction. We've increased the damage needed to trigger this mechanic to encourage players to intentionally target the projectile.
Fixed missing UI when returning to a Technocyte Coda Showdown mission after a Host Migration in the first stage.
Fixed collision issue on the speakers in the Technocyte Coda Showdown mission.
Fixed [HC] in Technocyte Coda health bar when returning to a Showdown mission after a Host Migration.
Fixed various script errors caused by Technocyte Coda abilities.
Fixed offset issues for Technocyte Coda names in the Technocyte Coda screen for clients using Asian languages.
Fixed incorrect Antivirus Mod names on-hover in the Technocyte Coda menu.
Fixed various UI issues in the Railjack Crew management screen for Converted Technocyte Coda.
Fixed SFX timing inconsistency when stabbing a Technocyte Coda Duet.

### Fixes
Fixed Steel Path modifiers applying to The Hex Quest replays, resulting in players being unable to progress.
Fixed various Allies not attacking enemies if they are Following you instead of Holding Position — notably On Call Crew and Moa Companions.
Fixed 201st Riven Mod being broken upon unveil.
Fixed Critical Mutation's buff being capped at 270% instead of the intended 300% on the Coda Catabolyst.
Fixed Cestra Incarnon Evolution 4 challenge not resetting on reload.
Fixed being able to swap the Stance Polarity with other Slots.
Fixed being unable to equip Semi-Shotgun Cannonade on the Coda Bassocyst.
Fixed Burston Incarnon's Ready Retaliation evolution not functioning consistently.
Fixed Looting Abilities applying to Scaldra Screamer.
Fixed Coda Bassocyst's alt-fire not doing damage with Punchthrough Mods equipped.
Fixed Qorvex being able to cast other Abilities while Crucible Blast is active if using a controller.
Fixed Temporal Archimedea loading into a broken mission if the Host is not in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed a crash in The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed entering the item selection screen twice in a Trade and disabling the "Hide Equipped" toggle each time causing their offered items to double (if enough items are owned).
Fixed Temple's Ripper's Wail heat damage bonus applying to Abilities instead just to Primary, Secondary, and Melee Weapons.
Fixed cases of Companions not using attack Precepts (ex: Sharpened Claws) when perfectly attackable enemies are nearby.
Fixed Sharpened Claws not stripping Armor if it only damaged Overguard.
Fixed Sharpened Claws causing Companions to target unalert enemies to avoid unintentionally ruining your stealth mission.
Fixed several Beast Precepts that involve running up to any enemy to do a special attack (ex: Sharpened Claws, Crescent Charge) putting your Companion into a brief "brain off" state.
Fixed Garuda's Talons not always being visible.
Known Issue: they're still not visible in the Orbiter.
Fixed Stardust Signa having an uncolorable orange glow.
Fixed texture issue with the Voruna Demonia Skin.
Fixed missing custom Shield and Javelin textures for the Styanax Huzarr Skin.
Fixed various offsets on the Flare Gemini Skin.
Fixed various offsets on the Chymerist Suit.
Fixed various armor offsets on the Gyre Vortengeist Skin.
Fixed various offsets for the Brazontik Armor Set.
Fixed an issue with emissive and energy tint channels on the Brazontik Armor Set.
Fixed an issue with the VFX on the Thrambulus Alternox Skin.
Fixed lingering issues when using new Coda emotes on Gemini Skins.
Fixed Clients not seeing explosion VFX of the Host's EFV-8 Mars alt-fire.
Fixed Zephyr Prime's tail sticking straight out.
Fixed energy color not applying properly on various Coda Ephemeras.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to DirectX rendering.
Streamlined HDR settings management to make mode-switches and alt-tab on HDR systems much, much faster. 
Fixed performance issues caused by Temple's Pyrotechnics modded for high Ability Strength.
Fixed Kaya getting stuck typing in a KIM conversation.
Fixed EFV-5 Jupiter and EFV-8 Mars missing their Unique Trait in the Upgrade screen.
Fixed Scaldra Screamer's explosion not damaging Clients.
Fixed another rare case of players being unable to login. 
This was live patched on March 21, but we're noting here in case you haven't attempted to play since then!
Fixed Gallifex and Volatile Galliflex not being spawnable in the Simulacrum.
Fixed being unable to mount your Atomicycle in Temporal Archimedea missions with the Optimism Peely Pix applied.
Now, players will not be slowed while on vehicles (Atomicycle and Merulina) but will still build stacks. Reaching 10 stacks will forcefully dismount them and apply the freeze effect.
Fixed the Antimatter Drop spawned by It Sees You not properly tracking the player who equipped the Peely Pix, and continuing to target the Warframe while the player is using Transference.
Fixes towards clients A-posing in the tunnel loading into Höllvania missions.
Fixed a section of the lower stage of the Stage Defense mission being inaccessible, and fixed some rubble restricting upward player movement.
Fixed Frame Fighter Fragments not being properly lit.
Fixed minimap not properly reflecting the environment for a new Höllvania tile.
Fixed Clients not seeing destroyed electrical box for a secret room puzzle in a new Höllvania tile.
Fixed being stuck with Arthur in a black void when ranking up in the Hex Syndicate. Sol forbid he wants a private moment.
Fixed Venari spawned by Khora Specters not appearing for Clients.
Fixed placement of lights on the top of the Air Hockey Table decoration.
Fixed not being able to interact with new Sign Dojo Decorations after placement.
Fixed the Nora Dialog Volume slider and Ordis Dialog Volume slider being unintentionally linked.
Fixed On-Hover Capacity description in the Upgrade Screen sometimes not listing Mastery Rank values for equipment with a Level 40 cap. 
This was a UI only issue, the capacity was calculated correctly.
Fixed "Remove Incarnon" button missing when talking to Cavalero. 
NOTE: We discovered a crash when attempting to use this option, so please do not remove your Incarnons until we address this in a future hotfix.
Fixed incorrect timer placement on Baro Ki'Teer's wares page.
Fixed 1999 faction names not being localized in the in-mission descriptions (seen in the Pause menu or when entering the End of Mission screen).
Fixed Stalker and Tenno UI themes not properly applying to a few new Parazon icons.
Fixed Adversary Trade error message only mentioning Kuva Liches.
Fixed [PH] in mismatched Adversary Mod transmutation warning.
Fixed "open your Peely Pix Paks" notification not specifying that Kaya is in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed broken % value in the on-hover description for Abbreviated Abilities Personal Modifier in Temporal Archimedea missions.
Fixed a script error when adjusting more sliders if your Numeric Separator setting is not set to "1,000.00."
Fixed Sacrificial Set Mod values breaking if the Numeric Separator setting is set to "1.000,00".
Fixed a script error when playing the Shawzin, causing it to become invisible and unplayable.
Fixed a script error in Temporal Achimedea missions.
Fixed a script error in Legacyte Harvest.
Fixed a script error in the Atomicycle loading screen.
Fixed a script error in the Arsenal.
Fixed a script error when playing in Borderless Fullscreen.
Fixed rare crash that could occur when launching into Archwing.
Fixed a script error related to the Powerless Personal Modifier in Deep / Temporal Archimedea.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Techrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.2
**Date:** 2025-03-20T20:03:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Technocyte Coda Trading:
For those with a traded Coda experiencing this issue, an unverified workaround is to play with another Tenno with a newly created Coda to force yours to show up and progress.
Omni Forma in the Gold and Arcane reward tiers have changed from BLUEPRINT to BUILT. 
In conjunction with that change, Omni Forma in the Silver reward tier remains a Blueprint, and its rarity has been adjusted to match the Tauforged rewards.
Arcane Hotshot and Arcane Universal Fallout now apply to Exalted Weapon status effects — notably Mesa's Peacemaker.
Removed various words from Technocyte Coda name generation to avoid some unfortunately named Codas.
Removed numerous waypoints spawning when players have picked up a Mixtape. 
Now only the nearest hacking terminal will be waypointed to reduce visual clutter.
Added a clarification to the pop-up that appears when players have an unopened Peely Pak, directing them to visit Kaya.
Various SFX adjustments for the Technocyte Coda.
Slightly increased the guitar riff in Temple's Exalted Guitar SFX.
Made slight audio mix adjustments on the Riot-848 pistol.
Reduced the brightness on various lights in the Stage Defense tile.
Polished Zeke's dialog when attacked. 
Temporarily removed the ability to Sell/Dissolve Potency Mods due to them giving more Endo than intended. 
We'll re-add this functionality once those values are corrected in a future hotfix.
Those who completed their Legendary Rank 5 test between the launch of Techrot Encore and Hotfix #1 were missing their Legendary Rank 5 Slate. We have run a script returning this decoration to you, which you should find in your inventory!

### Fixes
Fixed enemies failing to spawn in lower section of the Stage Defense mission, significantly slowing down or stopping wave progress.
Fixed Quick Correct having a 25% drop chance for additional Live Heartcells instead of the intended 10%.
Fixed "It Sees You", "Old Pizza", and "Optimism" Peely Pix giving additional Pix Chips on re-runs of Temporal Archimedea. Now they will give 1 Pix Chip per Round per week.
Fixed Steel Path modifiers applying to replays of The Hex Quest.
Fixed Gemini skin heads becoming distorted when using new Coda emotes.
Fixed Palladino missing Riven Mods for purchase in the Iron Wake.
Fixed players being able to swap the Stance Polarity of their Exalted Melee Weapon.
Pre-Techrot Encore, Stances did not give Capacity to Exalted Melee weapons, meaning some players may have swapped its Polarity to another slot. Now that Stances do offer Capacity, we are removing this Ability since the Polarity is designed to match the associated Stance. 
Those who had swapped their Polarity before this hotfix should now see it returned, and have the Stance properly give Capacity to their Exalted Melee.
Fixed Technocyte Coda having quirks, which unintentionally causing various issues depending on what quirk your Coda rolled, including:
Being able to infinitely stab Technocyte Coda Duets.
Not progressing to Showdown missions on 100% Virality Stabs.
If you are in this state, you'll have to stab your Coda one more time and you should properly progress to Showdown.
Fixed Clients dying in the Technocyte Coda Showdown causing lasers and music to break.
Fixed Clients sometimes getting stuck waiting for the Technocyte Coda to return to the stage in the final Showdown.
Fixed issue where it was possible to exceed Temple's heat damage buff cap.
Fixed Optimism Peely Pix effect not working after being revived.
Fixed "Vamp Rock" Stage Defense mission variation in Temporal Archimedea not properly disabling Abilities and draining energy.
Also fixed it having incorrect health loss values on Flare.
Improved various performance issues caused by Techocyte Coda attacks in the final Showdown mission.
Fixed a crash when equipping skins on the Coda Pox.
Fixed a crash in Temporal Archimedea.
Fixed a crash caused by Zeke's tendril attack.
Fixed a crash in Technocyte Coda Showdown.
Fixed a crash caused by the Technocyte Coda decoy ability.
Fixed a crash when using Lavos' Ophidian Bite with the Swift Bite Augment.
Fixed a crash when viewing Acrithis' wares.
Fixed a script error caused by Ash's Blade Storm.
Fixed various script errors in Legacyte Harvest missions.
Fixed various script errors in Temporal Archimedea missions.
Fixed a script error when looking at the Scaldra Screamer Codex entry.
Fixed a script error when opening the KIM in POM-2.
Fixed a script error caused by the speed-up mechanic in Hell-Scrubber Temporal Archimedea missions.
Fixed a script error caused by the new Cloaked Appearance setting.
Fixed a script error caused by the Dual Coda Torxica.
Fixed a script error caused by Wisp's Sol Gate.
Fixed a script error caused by the Proboscis Precept.
Fixed unintentional voice lines for the new Protoframes. Put a Höllar in the swear jar, Kaya!
Fixed various animations issues for Harddrive.
Fixed missing cyst offset for Flare's Gemini skin.
Fixed cases of "Deep Archimeda" appearing in the Temporal Archimedea menu.
Fixed Incarnons with 5 Evolutions causing lingering Evolution UI when swapping to an Incarnon with 4 Evolutions in the Arsenal.
Fixed a typo in "Cloaked Appearance" setting.
Fixed cases of players getting stuck out of bounds in Stage Defense.
Fixed missing collision and map holes in the Stage Defense tiles.
Fixed certain stage elements continuing to linger after the stage collapse in Stage Defense.
Fixed cases of Warframe abilities clipping through the stage in Stage Defense -
notably Qorvex's Chyrinka Pillars.
Fixed rare cases of players being unable to purchase prorated bundles.
Fixed flickering lights when changing Drifter hairstyles via the mirror in the Backroom.
Fixed Amir having floating headphones in the Backroom. 
Also fixed him having unintentional armor pieces.
Newly Exalted Abilities (specifically Landslide, Shattered Lash, and Whipclaw) will now break invisibility from Stalk and Ghost, since they are considered weapons.
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCTechrot Encore: Hotfix 38.5.1
**Date:** 2025-03-19T21:11:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 38.5: Techrot Encore
**Date:** 2025-03-19T15:03:42Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Enemies feature their Health and Shields increased by 100% with an additional 50% per Squad member, up to 300%.
Eximus galore! Expect to see more Eximus units.
Just like how The Hex join for Bounties, Velimir (the Frost Protoframe) and Minerva (the Saryn Protoframe) will join your Temporal Archimedea missions!
Mission 1: Velimir is present.
Mission 2: Minerva is present.
Mission 3: Both Velimir and Minerva are present.
Detriments for you, and you alone. Like Deep Archimedea, these parameters are debuffs hindering your Ability to overpower the game mode. Additionally, the new Personal Modifiers have also found their way into Deep Archimedea!
Hellscrub demands players survive for 10 minutes in the streets of 1999.
Capture 3 Legacytes, Tenno. Just like how it can appear in variations of the Bounty, you'll be unable to extract until all three Legacytes are caught and consumed.
Players must defend Temple and their concert for 6 waves.
Tempting time itself, Tenno?
Like Elite Deep Archimedea, Elite Temporal Archimedea rewards courageous Tenno to earn even greater rewards as they take on the game mode at its most brutal state: increased enemy levels and an additional Risk Variable per level.
First, complete Temporal Archimedea with 25 (or more) Research Points to unlock Elite Temporal Archimedea permanently. After that, you can toggle "Elite Temporal Archimedea" at the top centre of your screen.
Players can earn three rewards and a Peely Pak per Temporal Archimedea run. With Elite Temporal Archimedea, players can earn up to five rewards, 2 Pix Chip packs and 1 Peely Pak.
Just like Deep Archimedea, each Reward Pool only gives one reward upon completion each week, so the only way to increase your rewards is by increasing the Research Points. As a refresher, you can increase your earned Research Points by enabling additional Individual Parameters or Elite Archimedea (or by completing additional missions, if you were unable to make it through all 3 in your first go).
Research Points dictate the number of Reward Pools the player can pull from, depending on the player's Individual Parameters and Loadout.
Research Points do not stack, meaning each run has an individualized set of Research Points. Run all the Individual Parameters and win? You're good for the week. Take off a few Parameters and only earn up to 25 Research Points? You'll have to return later and amp up your modifiers for further rewards.
Completing all 3 missions of a Temporal Archimedea awards 3 Research Points, 1 per mission.
Completing all 3 missions of an Elite Temporal Archimedea awards 10 additional Research Points, for a total of 13.
Elite Temporal Archimedea is unlocked after completing a Temporal Archimedea with at least 25 Research Points, which requires players to complete Temporal Archimedea with all Individual Parameters enabled.
Each Research Modifier adds an additional 1 Research Point per mission, for a maximum of 24 bonus Research Points earned by completing all 3 missions with every Individual Parameter enabled. 
The maximum number of Research Points possible is 37 (13 from Elite Temporal Archimedea, 24 from Individual Parameters).
As stated earlier, the maximum amount of points players can earn is 37 Research Points for unlocking rewards. For a closer look at the drop rate of each reward pool and item, please consult the official Warframe drop table!
The Silver Rewards share their Reward Pool with the Netracells pool, so receiving Silver Packs is equivalent to finishing two Netracell runs!
The Reward Pool for the Silver rewards is:
Arcane Escapist
Arcane Hot Shot
Arcane Universal Fallout
Elemental Vice
Omni Forma Blueprint
Crimson Archon Shard
Azure Archon Shard
Amber Archon Shard
Tauforged Crimson Archon Shard
Tauforged Azure Archon Shard
Tauforged Amber Archon Shard
Players will earn two Silver Reward pools at 5 and 10 Research Points! Therefore, the minimum to receive them is:
5 Research Points: Finish 3 Temporal Archimedea missions with 1 Individual Parameter on.
10 Research Points: Finish 3 Temporal Archimedea missions with 3 Individual Parameters or activate Elite Temporal Archimedea.
Completing up to 15 Research Points in your Temporal Archimedea run rewards a Peely Pix pack, granting you three Peely Pix stickers then and there!
15 Research Points: Completing a Temporal Archimedea run with at least 4 Individual Parameters
Gold rewards share the same pool as Silver rewards, but with an increased chance of earning the rarest rewards, now including Emerald, Topaz and Violet Archon Shards!
Arcane Escapist
Arcane Hot Shot
Arcane Universal Fallout
Elemental Vice
Omni Forma Blueprint
Crimson Archon Shard
Azure Archon Shard
Amber Archon Shard
Tauforged Crimson Archon Shard
Tauforged Azure Archon Shard
Tauforged Amber Archon Shard
Emerald Archon Shard
Topaz Archon Shard
Violet Archon Shard
Tauforged Emerald Archon Shard
Tauforged Topaz Archon Shard
Tauforged Violet Archon Shard
Gold rewards are available at 20 and 31 Research Points. The minimum, therefore, looks like:
20 Research Points: Complete Temporal Archimedea with at least 6 Individual Parameters or Elite Temporal Archimedea with 2 Individual Parameters.
31 Research Points: Complete Elite Temporal Archimedea with at least 6 Individual Parameters Active
At 28 and 37 Research Points, players can earn Pix Chip packs, granting 6 and 9 Pix Chips, respectively which players can turn into Peely Paks or other rewards in Kaya's Wares.
28 Research Points: Complete Elite Temporal Archimedea with at least 5 Individual Parameters active.
37 Research Points: Complete Elite Temporal Archimedea with every single Individual Parameter active.
Last, but certainly not least, Diamond rewards are earned when you achieve 34 Research Points!
34 Research Points: Complete Elite Temporal Archimedea with 7 Individual Parameters active. Good luck, Tenno!
Diamond Rewards are a guaranteed Tauforged Archon Shard or Arcane:
Arcane Escapist
Arcane Hot Shot
Arcane Universal Fallout
Omni Forma Blueprint
Tauforged Crimson Archon Shard
Tauforged Azure Archon Shard
Tauforged Amber Archon Shard
Tauforged Emerald Archon Shard
Tauforged Topaz Archon Shard
Tauforged Violet Archon Shard
We're looking forward to you getting your hands on Temporal Archimedea! Again, please use our Bug and Feedback forums for any and all appropriate comments.
A new arcade machine has been installed at the Höllvania Central Mall! Unleash your Atomicycle through an epic, pinball themed race through space. Outsmart and outrace the mischievous Ollie, voiced by James Conlin!
Located in between Amir and Quincy's stations are a colorful set of arcade bikes used to play Ollie's Crash Course!
Interact with the game station to launch Ollie's Crash Course and proceed with the next steps:
Hit the Start option
Get ready to ride!
Ollie's Crash Course is a two-lap, multi-route racetrack featuring Atomicycle gameplay. Crash through speed boosters and avoid pinball obstacles to complete the race in as little time as possible, and beat Ollie at his own game!
Accelerate Forward: Move Forward binding
Releasing the binding decelerates the speed. 
Move Left/Right: Move camera/reticle while accelerating
Bank Left/Right: "Move Left/Right" binding
Speed Boost: Sprint binding
Drift: Hold to Crouch binding + bank left/right
Atomicycle will accelerate upon exiting a Drift. 
Bullet Jump: Jump binding while accelerating
Aim Glide: Hold Aim Weapon binding while mid-air
Atomicycle Abilities, as well as Mount & Dismount actions are not available within Ollie's Crash Course.
Drive into boosts on the track to help get a better time!
Falling off the racetrack will reset you at your last checkpoint. If you're unhappy with a run and wish to restart, you can do so by pausing and selecting "Race Again" in the Options Menu.
Ollie themed-items can also be purchased for Hex Standing by visiting Amir in the Höllvania Central Mall:
Find out how your Atomicycle skills compare against other Tenno! View your personal and Clan's ranking, your top Clan's performers, as well as the best players and clans from around the world. You can also view the top 10 high scores by walking up to the game station in the Höllvania Central Mall!
Access the Ollie's Crash Course leaderboard by opening the pause menu > Profile > Leaderboards > Select "Ollie's Crash Course"
New Augment Mods for Wisp, Qorvex, Koumei, and Gyre are available to acquire from the Faction Syndicates!
Stats below are all shown at max rank.
Wisp and 2 spectral images cast a single blast of Sol Gate, leaving an area with 500 Heat Damage / Second with guaranteed Heat and Radiation Status Effects for 10 seconds.
Available in Cephalon Suda and New Loka's Offerings.
Projectiles that pass through Arcsphere have guaranteed Electricity Status Effect and +75% Electricity Damage.
Available in Arbiters of Hexis and The Perrin Sequence's Offerings.
Becomes a channeled ability consuming 20 Energy/s that ramps up. While active Chyrinka Pillars trigger chain reactions and their duration is frozen. Mobility is greatly reduced.
Available in Cephalon Suda and Steel Meridian's Offerings.
Reduce Omikuji's Cooldown by 4s when you kill an enemy with the weapon affected by Koumei's Passive.
Available in Arbiters of Hexis and New Loka's Offerings.
Enhance your Arsenal with these new Warframe Arcanes!
Stats below are all shown at max rank.
Each Radiation Status Effect inflicted on enemies by Abilities gives at 6% chance to drop a Universal Orb on enemy death.
Gain 6% weapon Critical Chance for 10s, when using abilities to inflict Heat Status effect on enemies. Maximum 50x stacks.
On Mercy Kill: Gain a stack of Escapist, up to 9x. On taking fatal damage, consume 3 stacks to avoid death and become invulnerable for 12s.
Purchased from Kaya's Wares with Pix Chips
Obtained from Temporal Archimedea Reward Pools
The Legendary 5 Mastery Rank Test is now available to those eligible! This test has a focus on hacking, but Ciphers are disabled. A true test of skill, the manual hack!
Techrot Encore adds 18 new tiles for the Höllvania tileset! From new areas nestled in the underground up to streets you've never been down before, there are plenty of new corners to explore. 
Added 153 new Höllvania themed Dojo Decorations! These range from traffic cones, neon signs, bus stops and so much more to bring a little bit of Höllvania home. 
The glass windows, Scaldra tubes and electrical towers shown on Devstream 184 will be coming in a future update. Apologies Tenno, but we hope you enjoy all of the decorations in this update!
Added a custom Saryn Molt effect for Gemini Skins. 
The default subsummable Molt effect was not working great on the Gemini Skins, so we gave it a totally new look when used with them!
Added Cloaked Appearance options in the Accessibility settings. This modifies how yourself and Allies appear while cloaked. This does not affect enemy perception, or the appearance of cloaked foes. 
You can choose from the following options:
Standard
Semi-Cloak 
Glow-Cloak 
Warframes with cloaking Abilities (ex: Ivara) originally had these options available as Auxiliary attachments, which have now been removed. Since players can receive Invisibility from a variety of sources, we've decoupled this setting from the individual Auxiliary attachments and moved this to Accessibility settings to ensure it applies to all sources of Cloaking — regardless of the Warframe used. 
Added a tooltip for Dual Toxocyst, Lesion, and Violet Archon Shards indicating that the added element will combine with Mods.
Added a pop-up when gifting TennoGen items to a Cross Platform Save account to indicate that it can only be used on eligible Console or Mobile platforms. 
If a player has a Cross Platform Save account usable on both PC and a Console/Mobile platform, they can be gifted TennoGen from Console players, but cannot use it on PC due to our TennoGen Cross Platform Save policy. This wasn't clear when Gifting them a TennoGen item, so this pop-up should make this restriction clear before the Gifter moves forward with the purchase. 
Also added a message at the bottom of the Gift Inbox Message to indicate possible platform restrictions, so that these restrictions are also clear to the recipient. 
Below the item itself, the message now reads "Your TennoGen gift is now available while playing on Consoles or Mobile!".
Added a coffee mug decoration on the desk of Mynki's Tribute in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Many of the creations from our beloved Art Director, Michael "Mynki" Brennan, were fueled by a cup of coffee. Thank you for continuing to celebrate his legacy with us, and may your coffees always be warm. Options > Interface > Customize UI Theme.
As featured in our 'On-lyne Twitch Drops Fest' Campaign, we are adding 3 new Market Bundles with glyphs from community artist death_ma666ots!
Community On-lyne Infested DJ RoM Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Drillbit Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Harddrive Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Zeke Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Logo Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant DJ Rom Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Drillbit Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Harddrive Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Zeke Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Logo Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested DJ RoM Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Drillbit Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Harddrive Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Zeke Glyph
Community On-lyne Infested Logo Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant DJ RoM Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Drillbit Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Harddrive Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Zeke Glyph
Community On-lyne Radiant Logo Glyph
Note: The 'Radiant' and 'Infested' Bundles feature the same Glyphs in the full collection! We wanted to offer more choices for purchasing if you prefer one set over the other. If you like them all, purchasing the entire collection gives you the best value.
A bundle of glyphs highlighting various Warframes, created by Community Artists MuraCasardis, Finlaena, CleoNaturin, SpaceWaifu, and VoliOsnowong.
Community Saryn Glyph
Community Wisp Glyph
Community Gyre Glyph
Community Styanax Glyph
Community Dante Glyph
We are continuing our series of bundles
Community Art Packs! These packs focus on various Warframes and characters, with art crafted in the style of community artists.
Learn more about the artists who created the glyphs in our article here:
The year's first batch of all new TennoGen created by Warframe community artists!
A unique skin for the Voruna Warframe, designed by kakarrot2812.
A unique skin for the Styanax Warframe, designed by Lubox & _afterBRNR.
A Syandana for your Warframe, designed by blazingcobalt & Ritens.
A Syandana for your Warframe, designed by lex182.
A unique shoulder armor for your Warframe, designed by edwino22
History lesson time! In Update 23 we introduced moddable Exalted weapons for six Warframes. Exalted Weapons are unique weapons summoned by a Warframe's ability — giving them access to an additional separately moddable weapon in the Arsenal. Exalted Weapons benefit both from its own equipped Mods and the Mods on the Warframe itself!
In addition to Exalted Weapons, certain Warframes Abilities summoned weapons that did not have the Exalted treatment (i.e. be separately moddable in the Arsenal), but received bonuses from other moddable sources: your equipped Melee weapon! These are what we call "Pseudo-Exalted" weapons.
With these changes, we want to officially make "Pseudo-Exalted" weapons into Exalted Weapons! This ensures parity with how players interact with summoned weapons on Warframes. For fans of affected Warframes (Ash, Atlas, Khora, and Gara), your Arsenal may look a little different to accommodate these new Exalted Weapons, but our hope is to keep the end-result relatively unchanged on the battlefield.
Before we go over what is happening to "Pseudo-Exalted" weapons, Exalted Weapons as a whole are getting some changes — let's dive into the three major adjustments shipping with Techrot Encore:
Arcane slots on Exalted Weapons.
Exilus Mod Slot on Primary & Secondary Exalted weapons.
Acolyte, Amalgam, and Melee Combo Counter Mods enabled for Exalted Weapons.
Our first major change is the addition of Arcane slots to all Exalted weapons!
*While Garuda's Talons are part of her passive ability, and therefore not an Exalted Weapon, we are adding an Arcane slot to them nonetheless!
"Pseudo-Exalted" could achieve the effects of certain Arcanes on Exalted weapons by equipping them on corresponding regular weapons. With the changes above, these interactions have been removed.
Specific Warframes that benefitted from these effects will be receiving a new Exalted Weapon, which is outlined in the "New Exalted Weapons" section below!
Additionally, we have introduced Exilus slots to all Primary and Secondary Exalted weapons. This now matches functionality with existing melee Exalted weapons.
Next, we are re-enabling mods that were previously disabled for Exalted Weapons. This means Acolyte, Amalgam and Melee Combo Counter mods can now be equipped on all Exalted weapons:
Primary:
Amalgam Serration
Argon Scope (Galvanized Scope)
Bladed Rounds
Catalyzer Link
Secondary:
Amalgam Barrel Diffusion
Embedded Catalyzer
Hydraulic Crosshairs
Pressurized Magazine
Sharpened Bullets
Targeting Subsystem
Melee:
Amalgam Organ Shatter
Blood Rush
Body Count
Dispatch Overdrive
Gladiator Rush
Maiming Strike
Weeping Wounds
Note: If the Exalted weapon is unable to trigger the requirements for the mod, such as "when aiming", "for Slide Attack" etc, you will not be able to equip that mod for that specific Exalted weapon. Example: Hydraulic Crosshairs on Mesa's Regulators.
As mentioned above, we are adding new Exalted Weapons to the following Warframes:
Atlas
Gara
Khora
Ash (more details in the Ash Changes section!)
If you own a max rank version of any of these four Warframes when the update is released, a max rank version of the corresponding Exalted weapon will be added to your account.
With their new Exalted status, these weapons are now separately Moddable and will benefit from Mods that were unavailable to them previously (namely Condition Overload, Melee Elementalist, and Smite Faction Mods). These new Exalted weapons will receive the same treatment as the changes mentioned above, and should function like all other Exalted Weapons — with a few exceptions we'll go over below.
Note: these new Exalted Weapons will not include an Exilus slot, as the relevant abilities can not perform Heavy Attacks,Tennokai, Parry or Block.
Atlas:
Gara:
*These are balancing adjustments for added strength with new Combo changes. More about this in the Ability Combo Counter Changes section below.
Khora:
*These are balancing adjustments for added strength with new Combo changes. More about this in the Ability Combo Counter Changes section below.
Since Blade Storm, Landslide, Shattered Lash, and Whipclaw are not channelled Exalted Melee Weapons, we have devised a new Ability Combo System specific to these weapons, based off of Altas' existing Combo mechanic. Recasting their respective Abilities within 5 seconds of the previous cast will grant you 20 combo points which will increase the Combo Multiplier by 1x.
We've also increased the Ability Combo Counter cap from 4x to 12x to align with the Melee Combo Counter — meaning subsequent casts can be buffed up to 12x the damage! By increasing your Ability Combo Counter, your Exalted Weapon will receive increased Damage based on the Ability Combo Multiplier.
Mods like Blood Rush, Weeping Wounds, and Body Count as well as Focus abilities like Naramon's Power Spike now work with this new system.
We felt Ash needed a boost to compete with stronger choices. Below are changes that retain the core theme of Ash, but should help to bring him up to speed.
To start, there are no changes to Ash's Passive ability.
Ability 1: Shuriken:
Ability 2: Smoke Screen:
Ability 3: Teleport:
The 'Fatal Teleport' Augment is now a part of Teleport, and automatically performs finisher on cast with a 200% finisher bonus.
The "Fatal Teleport: Augment has now changed to "Quickend Teleport":
Ability 4: Blade Storm:
Additional Blade Storm changes include:
Ash can mark targets with an increased radius around the reticle.
Blade Storm now marks each target only once. Clones will no longer perform three Finisher attacks on enemies; instead, they will execute a single attack, allowing the ability to resolve faster.
As a result of the updated attack behavior, each attack will now grant 3 combo points — we also update the Rising Storm Augment to work with the new Ability Combo Counter system instead of the Melee Combo Counter.
If Ash joins Blade Storm through Teleport, you can now cancel it by jumping.
Reworked the Earth, Venus and Mars Star Chart node paths to help players reach The Second Dream Quest faster! 
Cetus, Earth is no longer required to travel through in order to reach the Mars Junction. 
The path from Earth to Mercury through Venus has been reduced from 4 nodes to 3 nodes.
Kiliken and Aphrodite were moved off the main path while Fossa was added into the main path.
Fossa, Venus (Assassination) has been moved into the required path for the Mercury Junction.
The path from Earth to Deimos through Mars has been reduced from 6 nodes to 3 nodes.
Hellas, Spear, Martialias, and Kadesh are no longer in the path, while Augustus has been added to the path.
The following Quest changes have also been made with the above goal in mind!
Moved The Archwing Quest Junction requirement from Mars Junction to Saturn Junction. 
Removed Ceres and Europa Junctions from the Natah Quest requirements. 
Saya's Vigil Quest has been changed from a Main Quest to a Side Quest since players no longer need to travel through Cetus to reach Mars Junction. 
Removed the requirement of owning a Necramech in order to start The New War Quest. Now, players who do not have their own will be lent a Voidrig Necramech for the duration of the Quest. 
Previously, players would need to divert their attention away from Quests in order to farm and craft a Necramech. So we removed this requirement as it was disruptive to main story questline progression. Players can still work towards their own Necramech before or after The New War Quest at their discretion. 
Changed the stats of early Junction bosses to make them more difficult.
Earth to Mars Junction boss (Loki) has had its base health doubled. 
Venus to Mercury Junction boss (Rhino) has had its armor increased, ranged damage increased, melee damage increased, and will be more accurate when firing.
Mars to Phobos Junction boss (Mag) now fires Kunai faster.
Mars to Ceres Junction boss (Trinity) base health has been increased.
Reduced Rhino's crafting time from 72 hours to 24 hours.
Since Rhino is one of the first Warframes players can earn in the Star Chart, he is getting a similar treatment to Koumei — a reduced crafting time so that new players can familiarize themselves with the Foundry and enjoy their newly earned Warframe faster.
The Codex panel will now show an image of the next Quest available to the player. 
If there are no Quests remaining, it will default to Leverian Prex Cards. 
Added an on-hover tooltip for Capacity Sources in the Upgrade screen as a way to teach players about Capacity and ways to increase it.
Additionally, a pop-up will now appear when attempting to equip a Mod above the item's capacity. Depending on their level of investment with said item, this pop-up will explain Aura Mod, Stance Mod, Orokin Catalysts/Reactors, Ranks and Forma as a means to get the most out of your item's Mod Capacity.
Converted GI volume lighting and volumetric fog. 
Remade the color palette and applied new color grading to the Quest and its cinematics. 
Relit each level with GI volumes. 
Relit all the cutscenes, and the Warframe and Quest dioramas for a seamless transition into the Awakening Quest. 
Made several updates and fixes to the environment throughout the Awakening Quest (material improvements/PBR, added destructible plants, and more!) 
Grineer Forest nodes now use the day/night Plains of Eidolon/Cetus cycle. In other words, when it is day in the Plains, it is now day in the Grineer Forest. 
Previously, these nodes had their own day/night cycle, which would change every 4 hours. This caused confusion with the Plains also being on earth but having a different cycle, especially for new players playing through Quests like The Silver Grove, which requires you to access plants that only appear in the day/night. 
Now, day in these nodes will last 100 minutes and night will last 50 minutes and rotate in line with the Plains of Eidolon.
Reworded the Time of Day indicator in the Star Chart for Plains of Eidolon to make it clearer if it's Day or Night.
Now reads: "[Current Time of Day] Ends in [Time]"
This change also applies to the on-hover node description for the Cambion Drift and Orb Vallis. 
Updated Railjack component crafting costs in The Rising Tide Quest to remove components that are not easily found on the main path through the Star Chart:
Railjack Cephalon Blueprint:
Removed Orokin Cell
Railjack Fuselage:
Removed Cubic Diodes
Railjack Propulsion Systems:
Removed Carbides
Railjack Port Nacelle:
Removed Carbides
Railjack Tail Section:
Removed Carbides
Removed Argon Crystal
Added 250 Cryotic
Railjack Engine Cowling:
Removed Cubic Diodes 
Players will no longer be able to load into Junction missions until they've completed the full list of tasks to prevent confusion.
Come-backs are coming back, Tenno! We're implementing a few balance changes to create a fairer, less defeating experience in Faceoff.
Boosts and Hindrances will now spawn more (or less) frequently depending on the state of the match. This is to help serve as both an escalation and catch-up mechanic.
The losing team, scaled by the difference between them and the winning team, will see more Boosts/Hindrances spawn near them.
By contrast, the winning team will see fewer pick-ups spawn near them.
The losing team is now awarded partial Conclave standing based on the percentage of the final objective being complete.
If a player leaves too many Squad VS Squad Matches, they'll have to play against Squad VS AI to re-unlock VS Player again.
Bolstered Badguys gives 75% less Overguard to Techrot Babaus.
Ally Specters will activate Boosts and Hindrances on their own.
Specters will activate pick-ups on both a timer and at random.
This does not consume pick-ups available for the player.
Specters will avoid certain Boosts that could potentially be frustrating for the players.
Losing teams will see Specters more frequently activate pickups.
Improvements towards Host Migration issues.
Fixed the player's UI vanishing when swapping from Player vs. Player to Player vs. AI.
Added a new prompt to signify if a player has bestowed a Boost or inflicted a Hindrance.
Added a new prompt to signify if a player's Boosts or Hindrance slot is full. 
Added a new prompt to indicate which player on your team has activated certain Boosts/Hindrances.
Added a new prompt to remind the player to bind the Boost/Hindrance activate button.UI improvements towards transmissions from Aoi or Amir and certain messages.
Made improvements to matchmaking to lower wait times.
"Chemistry resets in Xh Xm"
Indicating that you have reached your daily maximum of Chemistry earned and when it'll be reset. 
As a reminder, you can gain Chemistry once per day per Hex member via Bounties, resetting at 0:00 UTC daily. 
Changed the Raksa Kubrow's Protect mod to restore it and your Warframe's shields by 30% of its maximum shields and add its shield regeneration rate to your Warframe for 3 seconds. 
Previously, the mod's description was inaccurate to its real effect. It claimed to restore 300 shields but was actually restoring 300 plus your Warframe's current shields. So if you had 300/1000 shields, Raksa would restore 600 shields, for a total of 900/1000. In instances where your shields were close to max, the majority of the shield restore ended up being wasted once the cap was hit. So we made the above changes to be more useful and lean more into Raksa's shield focus. 
Improved enemy density in Netracells to keep spawn-rates high during the "Reduce Security Level" section.
Disabled Air Support charges in The Fragmented One and H-09 Apex's Steel Path fights. 
These missions are intended to really challenge players and their loadouts. Calling in aid via Air Support could trivialize these fights (e.g. Kahl Beacon from Skaut drawing all aggro onto Kahl). 
The Protoframe you're dating will now lounge in different areas of your Backroom instead of standing in the same corner on the upper floor. 
Players must now complete the Bounty challenge in H-09 Efervon Tank Assassination Bounty before moving to the fight. This fixes a soft-lock issue occurring when a player triggered the fight before the squad had completed the Bounty, as well as players not being able to properly extract after the fight since the bounty conditions were not met. 
A "Complete the Bounty to proceed" pop-up will now occur when approaching the arena to notify players that they need to finish the Bounty challenge to proceed.
Increased the distance and angle at which players can open Lockers. This should make opening them much easier!
Multiple Hell-Scrubbers can now be infected at one time in Hell-Scrubber missions. 
The Venus Corpus Outpost tileset has received an updated Skybox!
This new Skybox features overall improved graphics and increased visual interest via the addition of Corpus architecture, dynamic landscape elements, and energy VFX.
We've also added multiple cloud layers and added a new sky that better fits the mood of this planet. 
Enemies outside the ring around a purged Exolizer will now be absorbed by the Exolizer provided you kill them when you're within the ring.
This was a change we applied to Netracells and a specific Cambion Drift Bounty, so we're adding it here too for consistency. 
Scaldra units can now use terminals in Scaldra Exterminate and Scaldra Hell-Scrub missions to summon a paratrooper squadron, including a guaranteed Eximus enemy that drops a Thermian RPG.Techrot Cache improvements: 
Increased Techrot Cache and Biocode spawns in larger tiles in Höllvania missions (most notably Exterminate).
Improved spawning logic to prevent Techrot Caches from spawning in inaccessible locations. 
Increase the Biocode's SFX radius and reworked the sample to make it easier to find by listening for it. 
Increased the Biocode's pickup SFX volume to make it clear that you are holding one. 
Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos will no longer spawn close to/on top of the Extraction area. 
This is a change we implemented with Technocyte Coda that we applied to all other Adversaries because there was risk for accidental Extraction while fighting them, essentially forcibly removing players from being able to defeat them. 
Improve the responsiveness of the Atomicycle's drifting maneuvers. 
Abilities that cloak Khora and your Companion will now also cloak Venari. 
Khora's Spikes Auxiliary attachment can now be color customized!
Techrot Encore brings a minor update to a few Captura features to provide convenience and accessibility! Our favorite picture-snapping niche is getting many much-desired tweaks between various UI, lighting, and save-setting options!
Added the ability to save and load all your current Captura settings into one save file.
You can do this by opening the Captura menu with your given binding and scrolling towards the bottom and selecting "Save Current Settings."
Scene lighting and lighting rotation on Advanced Cameras (under Advanced Camera Controls) now interpolate between each other while they're playing out.
This means saved Advanced Cameras with different scene lighting sliders will properly fade and transition said lighting settings when moving between each other.
Added toggles to Show Players, Show Companions, and Show Weapons.
Gone are the days of needing to equip a Synthesis Scanner to remove your equipped weapons, or having to change loadouts to avoid your eager Kubrow from getting in your shot! 
Moved the Lighting settings above the Text settings.
Fixed camera rotation not previewing properly when the snap function was enabled.
Players can hide all Captura Menus with their default "Close" binding, instead of individually closing each menu.
The Advance Time input now functions on all Captura screens.
The Game Speed function is now a slider, moving from 0x to 5x speed
Players can now disable Depth of Field, Grain, Bloom, and UI in Screenshots directly from the Captura menu, instead of having to go to the video settings menu. Any changed settings will revert once you leave Captura!
Added a Color Correction toggle to enable Captura filters.
Players can preview filters by hovering over them with their cursor/pointer when enabled!
Added a Text Glow toggle to allow the player to decouple text from Captura lighting environments. 
Added three additional fonts to Captura text functionality:
Ailerons
Flareserif
Roboto
Re-designed Text controls for easier text manipulation
Pressing Reposition Text allows players to move and rotate text from the camera's perspective instead of needing to keep clicking Reposition Text to move it.
We have simplified the Audio Options to make them clearer for new players and have also added Advanced Options for players to have greater control over their audio experience.
A few of you are so good at collecting things that the Database hamsters are starting to express concern, and we've decided to take action sooner rather than later. There are limits on how much Data you can put in before it stops being based and instead starts spilling everywhere in the server room.
This is only a soft cap for your account, as you will still be able to exceed this by purchasing content like Prime Access and Supporter Packs, where the items specifically come with inventory slots to contain them. Items from Alerts, Quests, and Twitch/Steam Drop campaigns will also ignore the soft cap.
The new cap will apply to each of these categories separately:
Warframes
Weapons
Companions and their equipment
Vehicles
Necramechs
Operator Amps
Railjack components and armaments
This does not affect the already existing limit of 210 slots for Riven Mods, or the already existing limit of 33 slots for Crew Members.
We want to stress that only a few players are anywhere near this limit, and we believe the cap is high enough that there's still plenty of room to grow. This is simply a precaution to reduce the likelihood of player accounts getting so large that it creates problems like not being able to login or update your account anymore.
If you run into any issues related to the Slot Capacity, our Support Team is here to assist! Please create a ticket if you require help.
Active 1999 Calendar challenges will now popup at the start of Höllvania missions to remind players of the task. 
Kahl-175 is now immune to Tau Status Effects during The New War Quest.
Beast Companions and targets Mind Controlled by Nyx will now ignore most invulnerable enemies and not attack them. 
Players can now access Blink Pads and Hacking Consoles while on a K-Drive.
Increased the size of Titania's flight capsule while in Razorwing to reduce the cases of her escaping the map.
You can now choose to either return to Orbiter or Cetus via the abort menu while playing Saya's Visions missions. 
Updated Featured Dojo icons in the Star Chart to indicate what place they won in the Dojo Showcase Contest (Bronze, Silver, or Gold).
Updated hand position of Warframe/Drifter/Operator when gesturing to a selected Planet in the Star Chart. This fixes issues with their wrists appearing contorted. 
Also improved the animations while transitioning in and out of the Star Chart. 
Made some improvements on sun reflections so that they look more realistic on rougher materials.
Improved the headlights on the Scaldra TI-92 so that they actually have light beams!
Made improvements to the Contact Shadow toggle to reduce artifacting issues.
Added a soft fade-in/out to the Arsenal UI popup in the POM-2 NavNow map screen. 
Made some improvements to Amir's eyelashes. 
Players in post-Narmer Fortuna can trigger the "We All Lift Together" cinematic using this context action near Ruud Zuud.
Changed the Pom-2 Calendar "To Do List Completed" message during Autumn to be about New Years Eve: "Another year comes to a close". 
Updated the tooltip for Tau Damage to be more accurate, now reads: "Tau increases Status Chance of all subsequent attacks by up to 100% with multiple stacks." 
When Techrot Miasmites and Gallifex units die, their Heat damage will now burn nearby enemies.
Changed the Crimson Branch Dojo Room's description to say "Adversary" instead of "Kuva Lich". 
Improved the resolution of the Duviri Paradox Quest image in the Codex. 
Made the following tweaks to the Grineer Ballista: 
Improved their accuracy when firing and slightly increased their damage. 
They no longer fire while moving. 
Updated tooltip for Magnetic Status to communicate the bonus damage against Overguard.
Reduced the casting animation length of Volatile Parasite, Acidic Spittle and Endoparasitic Vector.
Removed the text "and mods" from the Elemental Sandstorm Augment Mod description.
This was misleading as the Augment only considered Damage Types, not other Modded values on your Melee weapon (like damage amount, critical chance, or attack speed).
Changed the Lith S16 Relic to Lith S17 from Saryn's Prime Resurgence offerings.
Changed the Fusion confirmation popup to include the Endo and Credit cost to complete Fusion.
Updated Frost's Freeze VFX and textures to better indicate the ability's range.
Updated Frost's Avalanche with improved textures, VFX on its shatter-explosion radius, and VFX timing on ability cast and shatter to better demonstrate the timing of Avalanche.
Updated the distortion VFX on the Corufell's projectiles. 
Improved lighting on Frost's VFX particles.
Visually reduced the area VFX on Cyte-09's Seek for other players in the squad to help prevent it from being distracting.
Added GI lighting on some of Yareli's bubble VFX. 
Updated the Techrot Babau's Viral projectile ability VFX. 
Updated the TV VFX emissions on the Techrot Obsolyte's attacks.
This update brings optimizations to load times and VRAM usage in areas with GI lighting (Höllvania, Albrecht's Laboratories, etc).
However, to accomplish this some of the cached data has been reorganized.
Normally the launcher will automatically prompt you to optimize your download cache, however, depending on when you last optimized, it may not feel it's necessary immediately and won't suggest it.
In order to save approximately 8000 MB you can do so by going to the launcher settings and clicking on the "Optimize" button. 
Made a systemic micro-optimization to the script runtime.
Fixed using shift-windows-left/right to move Warframe between monitors not resizing the window when the borderless resolution changes.
Made experimental systemic optimizations to the script system.
Made experimental micro-optimizations to memory footprint.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading.
Made small optimizations for low-end machines. 
Reduced the number of enemies that can exist at once in Defense missions, so as to not overwhelm hosts on lower-end machines. Plenty of enemies will still spawn, but we have reduced how many can spawn at one time.
Improved performance issues related to enemy spawning in Netracell, Faceoff, and Legacyte Harvest missions.
Made minor performance improvements in one of the Höllvania tiles. 
Fixes towards hitches that would occur when starting to load into a level. 
Made small optimizations to procedural level preprocessing. 
Optimized memory usage for highly decorated Dojos. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to physics memory. 
Fixed a hitch that would occur when updating a graphics setting. 
Made small optimizations to DirectX 12 rendering. 
Fixed hitching when opening the Riven Cycle screen, hovering over the weapon preview and after cycling. 
Fixed performance issues caused by VFX on the Zobov Shotgun Skin when picking up Cyte-09's Resupply ammo. 
Fixed performance issues caused by the VFX on the Cryotra (especially with Duplex Bond equipped.
Fixed memory leak with Mirage's VFX.
Fixed hitching when opening Operator Equipment menus. 
Made performance optimizations to Orb Vallis raycasting meshes.
Optimized DirectX 11 code, saving VRAM for older GPUs.
Optimized some Railjack collision meshes.
Fixed hitch occurring when changing Operator/Drifter appearance while a transmission is playing. 
Fixed hitch when loading Kuva Lich screen. 
Fixed performance issues caused by Qorvex's Chyrinka Pillars and Crucible Blast
Made optimizations to DirectX 11 driver texture upload to slightly speed up loading times. 
Optimized collision volumes in many of the 1999 tilesets.
Fixed a bad hitch when accessing the Simulacrum Arsenal if the K-Drive or Atomicycle Summon was not equipped on your Gear Wheel.
Made optimizations to the Table for Two stage in The New War Quest. 
Improved performance issues with Sporothrix, especially in conjunction with its Augment.

### Fixes
The floor shakes and the crowd cheers for more - It's Techrot Encore! Our first major update of 2025 is here and is more stacked than your dad's record collection.
Welcome to the stage... Temple! The 60th Warframe is here to set the scene on fire with their Exalted Guitar Lizzie and their Flare for performance. Speaking of performance, protect Temple as they shred in the new Stage Defense mission in Höllvania! You'll also be able to earn their Blueprints and more by clearing waves of Scaldra and a new enemy... the Scaldra Screamer.
The cast of Höllvania Central Mall grows with a new rebellious group of Protoframes - meet & greet Minerva (Saryn), Velimir (Frost), Kaya (Nova) and Flare (Temple) at The Round Table pub!
They bring with them many wares for you to acquire.
Their fully voiced and customizable Gemini Skins and Emotes are also now available for their respective Warframes.
Want to know more about them?
Log into your Pom-2 in your Base of Operators and fire up the KIM!
New conversations with them await you at Rank 4 and 5 with The Hex.
The setlist continues with the Technocyte Coda, a new Adversary system that features a multi-talented Techrot boyband virus looking to terrorize the system with their infectious toe tapping beats. Chase them down for new Ephemeras, Dance Emotes and more! There are also 13 Coda Weapons available for you to earn by trading in Live Heartcells from Vanquished Technocyte Codas to Eleanor.
Visit Kaya to step into Temporal Archimedea - a re-imagination of Deep Archimedea with new mechanics all taking place in Höllvania. Tasked with completing 3 Höllvania missions back to back with varying mission deviations and risk variables, you'll be faced with the most ferocious Scaldra and Techrot enemies at a challenging level. Give yourself a boost with Peely Pix, special stickers you can slap for various unique effects that'll help you through to the other side of this Temporal test.
And so so so much more! We have Ollie's Crash Course (new Atomicycle racing mini-game), Gyre Vortengeist Collection, TennoGen Encore, Exalted Weapon Changes, Ash Retouch, New Player Experience Improvements and tons of QOL, fixes and more.
We hope you love and enjoy Techrot Encore! See you on stage, Drifter.
Update 38.5 is a Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Warframe: 1999 is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the dedicated Techrot Encore subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
The EULA agreement may pop up in the launcher even if you have already accepted in the past. Nothing has changed in the EULA, you'll simply need to accept to proceed.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit "The Warframe Lexicon for Updates" to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
Update Download Size: ~3.30 GB
We highly encourage you to read the entirety of the Techrot Encore patch notes to learn the nitty gritty that's been packed into this update! But if you are looking for something in specific, simply CTRL+F the following keywords to jump to its dedicated section (expand spoilers for full list!):
Reveal hidden contents
Höllvania Central Mall Updates 
The Round Table (New Protoframes) 
Flare Varleon 
Minerva Hendricks 
Velimir Volkov II
Kaya Velasco
General Höllvania Central Mall Additions & Changes 
KIM Updates
New KIM Conversations 
General KIM Improvements 
New Höllvania Mission: Stage Defense 
New Warframe: Temple 
New Weapons 
Riot-848
EFV-8 Mars
Dual Viciss
EFV-5 Jupiter
Purgator 1
New Adversary: Technocyte Coda
How to get a Technocyte Coda
Technocyte Coda Rewards
Coda Weapons 
Elemental Vice (Valence Override) 
Temporal Archimedea 
How to Access & Begin 
Peely Pix 
Mission Restrictions & Additions 
Elite Temporal Archimedea 
Research Points & Rewards 
New Arcade Game: Ollie's Crash Course 
New Warframe Augment Mods 
New Warframe Arcanes 
Market Changes & Additions 
Gyre Vortengeist Collection
Ovation Gemini Collection 
Ovation Temple Bundle 
Scaldra Dominance Pack 
Scaldra Authority Pack 
1999 Loop Salon Pack 
POM-2 UI Theme And Background
On-lyne Community Glyphs
Community Art Pack III Bundle 
TennoGen Encore
Exalted Weapon Changes & Ash Retouch 
New Player Experience Improvements 
Faceoff Changes
Faceoff Balance Changes
New Boosts & Hindrances
General Faceoff Changes 
Additions 
Changes
Optimizations
Fixes
Here is a list of all the dedicated subforums to share Feedback and Bug Reports. For everything else, there's General Feedback and Bugs. Expand spoiler for links:
Reveal hidden contents

Temple & New Weapons Feedback / Bugs 
Technocyte Coda Feedback / Bugs 
Stage Defense Feedback / Bugs
Temporal Archimedea Feedback / Bugs
KIM Feedback / Bugs 
New Protoframes & Gemini Skins Feedback / Bugs
Ash Retouch & Exalted Weapon Change Feedback / Bugs
Ollie's Crash Course Feedback / Bugs
Fast travel to these new Vendors is available from the pause menu and from the new "Protoframes" Quick Access Wheel option, with Flare becoming available at Rank 4 (Hot and Fresh) and Minerva & Velimir and Kaya becoming available at Rank 5 (Pizza Party).
Each of these new Protoframes also have their own Gemini Skins and Emotes available for purchase in the in-game Market! Learn more about them in the Market Changes & Additions section of the patch notes.
You can also learn more about them with new conversations available in the Pom-2 KIM chat system! All details on that are in the KIM Updates section.
Flare has transcended merely creating art, and thanks to Albrecht Entrati and the Technocyte Virus, they have become the art. The Protoframe of Temple is a spectacle that has to be seen to be believed. Learn more about the new Warframe Temple further down in the notes!
Temple's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints 
Riot 848's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints
Stage Equipment Decorations: 
Drum Kit
Drum Cymbal
Tom Drum
Snare Drum
Musical Equipment Case (Standard)
Musical Equipment Case (Large)
Musical Equipment Case (Drawers)
Musical Equipment Case (Small, Long)
Musical Equipment Case (Small, Square)
Musical Equipment Case (Cabinet)
Electric Keyboard
Solstice Square Stage Captura Scene 
6,000 Kuva (limited to 7 purchases per week)
A former military agent from Libertatia, Minerva is used to her orders being followed... immediately. With cunning and beauty in equal measure, the Protoframe of Saryn has arrived in Höllvania and can be found sitting at the bar of The Round Table with Velimir.
Purgator 1's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints
EFV-5 Jupiter's Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints 
EFV-8 Mars' Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints
Dual Viciss' Main Blueprint and Component Blueprints
A resolute veteran of many conflicts and former Libertatian agent. A staunch protector but soft polar bear at heart. The Protoframe of Frost brings a human face to an icy Warframe.
Air Hockey Table
Arcade Ticket Machine
Foosball Table
Arcane Machine
Pinball Machine
Arcade Racing Machine
Coffee Table
Traffic Cone
Large Couch
Two-Seater Couch
Armchair
Sideboard
Dining Table
Floor Lamp
Locker
Folding Chair
Night Stand
On-lyne Cardboard Cutout
Zeke Cardboard Cutout
Normal Office Chair
Capable and cocky, Kaya is an engineering genius, despite being the youngest of the group. The Protoframe of Nova is eager to put her newfound powers of matter manipulation into practice. Kaya has stationed herself just outside The Round Table pub's entrance, in the small alcove behind the stage.
Fixed Amir's hair color only using the Accent color channel in his Gemini Skin. His hair can now be colored using the Primary, Secondary AND Accent color channels. 
Fixes Towards Titania Tribute's offering sometimes being launched into the sky when cast on enemies. You may still experience this specifically with Ospreys and Murmur enemies. 
Fixed Trinity's Melee weapon disappearing when casting Link. 
Fixed Mall Rotunda and Höllvanian Courtyard Simulacra not properly increasing Enemy Level Cap by +25. 
Fixed Overguard not applying to The Severed Warden's arms.
Fixed a case of enemies getting stuck in The Circuit Defense, resulting in players being unable to complete the objective.
Fixed weapons with alt-fires that empty the entire magazine (ex: Cyanex, Kuva Kraken etc.) still having one bullet stuck in the chamber.
Fixed burst-fire weapons ignoring the "Fire Manual Trigger Weapons Continuously" toggle and still firing automatically when disabled. 
Fixed Gammacor Incarnon not using the "Fire Manual Trigger Weapons Continuously" toggle.
Fixed Transference from Operator to Warframe while carrying an object (ie. Datamass, Biocode) causing it to be dropped and disappear for Clients. 
Fixed continuously firing after bringing up the Gear/Emote/Cyte-09's Ammo Wheel. 
Fixed Trinity's Passive not working in Höllvania missions. 
Fixed Octavia's Mallet dealing self-damage while riding Atomicycle in Höllvania missions. 
Fixed Multron not using additional magazine capacity from mods to shoot more bursts between reloading. 
Fixed Beast Companion Claw kills not counting towards the "Kill Shot" Nightwave Act. 
Fixed Clients being unable to trigger Incarnon Mode after Host migration in The Circuit. 
Fixed player reverting to walking while having sprint toggled on after logging on, loading screens and cinematics. This was forcing players to have to re-engage sprinting in those scenarios, which was understandably frustrating. 
Fixed 1999 Calendar progress rolling over into the next season instead of at the start of the new season as intended. Also fixes receiving an error message when attempting to claim a reward/Override upgrade in the new season. 
Fixed Clients experiencing loss of function after exiting Höllvania mall tunnel to mission if they are holding any movement inputs. 
Fixed Longwinder, Recaster and Tromyzon Servofish and Fishing Hotspots not appearing for Clients. 
Fixed rare issue that caused inability to buy the next rotation's Archon Shard from Bird 3 if you purchased the prior one in a very specific window of time between store resets.
Fixed Railjack Plexus access missing from the pause menu while in the Backrooms. 
Fixed the default binding for Ability 4 being blank by default when playing on controller. 
Fixed Clients experiencing a loss of function after exiting Höllvania streaming tunnel (our programmers deserve their flowers for this one, it was a doozy). 
Fixed Khora's Venari not spawning into Höllvania mission if started from Base of Operations Pom-2. 
Fixed the explosions from Acid Shells sometimes failing to damage nearby enemies. 
Fixed Acuity mods causing unexpectedly high Critical Chance multipliers on certain weapons. They will now behave the same on all weapons.
Fixed Inaro's Swarm Kavats being invisible for Clients if the player is using the Scarab Swarm or Dessication Curse Augment mod. 
Fixed various Crewman variants not being able to perform melee attacks.
Fixed players experiencing a loss of function if Nidus gained stacks with the Parasitic Vitality Augment while they were downed.
Fixed being able to use Heavy Weapon while Nyx's Absorb is active.
Fixed Knell's unique trait (crit multiplier and status chance buff on Weak Point Hit) getting activated indefinitely while dual-wielding with Glaive. 
Also fixed Knell's custom aim reticule disappearing after throwing Glaive and switching to Knell while it's mid-flight. 
Fixed Battacor's Sentient Barrage alt fire discharge automatically queuing a second shot that does not track enemies hit correctly when the "Fire Manual Trigger Weapons Continuously" toggle is enabled. 
Fixed Client Hildryn being able to use loadout weapons on Atomicycle after mounting while Balefire is active then deactivating by running out of Shields. 
Fixed mods with an "aim down sight" condition (e.g. Embedded Catalyzer, Sharpened Bullets, etc.) not granting benefits while riding Merulina. 
Fixed automatic weapon getting stuck firing when opening the pause menu while shooting.
Fixed the Mandonel Archgun freezing Clients indefinitely when the Host attacks enemies. 
Fixed Companion Moas getting stuck if attempting to hack Spy Vault consoles in the Gas City Tileset using the Security Override Precept.
Fixed NPC pathing guiding them through a certain Pond in the Plains of Eidolon, which triggered a teleport volume. 
Fixed Warframes that have a base health & shield of 270 & 370 losing a considerable amount of health when exiting a submersible Archwing area onto dry land.
Fixed Cyte-09's Resupply element picker UI popping up when activating Spear/Tranq Rifle Gear item. 
Fixed Cyte-09 not being listed in the Invert Tap/Hold Abilities setting. 
Fixed Energizing Shot not working while riding K-Drive and Merulina. 
Fixed Chroma's passive breaking and not working after casting Wrathful Advance.
Fixed weird head movement when Nova casts Molecular Prime.
Fixed the Drifter Cheat Death Intrinsic overriding Nidus' Passive in The Circuit. 
Fixed Nyx's Mind Controlled allies not being able to be healed by abilities that target friendly NPCs. 
Fixed Volatile Parasite doing 100x more damage than intended if the target died early. 
Fixed Helminth abilities with throwing animations having a casting delay when used during Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed Paris Incarnon's Ardent Trigger Evolution (on punch through hit: + 40% Fire Rate for 6s) not applying while in Incarnon Form. 
Fixed auto melee not working while Chroma's Spectral Scream is active.
Fixed Nyx's Assimilate Augment applying Efficiency twice.
Fixed Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment applying the wrong damage type vulnerability to Factions with base damage type vulnerabilities (e.g., Amalgams, Murmur). 
Fixed Vauban's Bastille not activating when thrown into Frost's Snowglobe.
Fixed Mirage's Prism not dealing damage to enemies inside Frost's Snowglobe.
Fixed Noctua spawned from Dante's Woodwarden appearing upside down. 
Fixed Coolant Leak's fog not dissipating when used with Diriga and Arc Coil, resulting in permanent fog in-mission.
Fixed the skybox not properly filling the sky in the "Follow the Stalker" segment of The Second Dream Quest.
Fixed misaligned kill animation during Stage 1 in The Duviri Paradox Quest.
Fixed misaligned Archon Shard extraction animations in The New War Quest. 
Fixed the H-04 Efervon Tank spawning in The Hex Quest at half health. 
Fixed being able to skip past a cinematic trigger in The Hex Quest by rolling quickly through the Höllvania Central Mall. 
Fixed a certain loading screen in The New War Quest moving out of frame. 
Fixed the rideable Cetus balloon in The New War Quest obscuring the player's camera after double tapping left bumper on a controller.
Fixed a case of the Legacyte not fleeing during The Hex Quest. 
Fixed Archwings always having their default colors while Protoframe Skin equipped. 
Fixed Sentient foes sometimes spawning in the ground during the Kahl-175 stage of The New War Quest.
Fixed resource containers spawning during the "Ride or Die" mission in The Hex Quest.
Fixed Deacons in The New War Quest having unintentionally large vision range. 
Fixed pixelation/screen tearing throughout The Awakening intro cinematic. 
Fixed the loading icon missing in the Atomicycle streaming tunnel during The Hex Quest. 
Fixed player looking up during the introduction dialogue in the Angels of the Zariman Quest. 
Fixed Melee weapon not holstering during The War Within Quest cinematics.
Fixed Excalibur Umbra's Radial Howl breaking Lotus animations in The New War's final stage. 
Fixed incorrect camera positioning and lighting in the Lotus scenes in the Angels of the Zariman Quest.
Fixed position of the Operator twin in the Backroom Foundry when crafting the Jahu Gargoyle during Whispers in the Walls Quest replay.
Fixed the "Harvest Archon Shard" animation sequences being very broken in The New War Quest. 
Fixed screen remaining dark if you skip the interrogation cut scene in The Hex Quest. 
Fixed a waypoint in The Second Dream Quest taking players in a circle. 
Fixed the Chains of Harrow Steam Achievement not being awarded upon Quest completion.
We'll have a retroactive fix to award this achievement later, but you can replay the Quest if you wish to earn it back immediately!
Fixed being unable to progress in the final stages of the alternate The Hex Quest after being downed as Amir (white screen would take over). 
Fixed being unable to manually select the "Back" button on the Protoframe selection screen in The Hex Quest, often leading to players mistakenly selecting the "Continue" button using their "Enter" binding. 
Fixed certain SFX getting cut short in the final stages of The Hex Quest.
Fixed missing blocking volumes in the Archwing section of The War Within Quest. 
Fixed an issue with Drifter animation in The Hex Finale completion diorama if you linger on the scene for too long.
Fixed an unintended dialogue line in the final stage of The New War Quest. 
Fixed random letters appearing on the POM-2 screen after getting multiple password entries wrong in The Hex Quest. 
Fixed the Elder Queen's tail being visible below her throne in The War Within Quest. 
Fixed entering a specific room in the Heart of Deimos Quest while on a K-Drive resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed Kaithe tutorial binding callouts breaking after swapping between Controller and Keyboard/Mouse in the Duviri Paradox Quest.
Fixed inconsistent UI tracking for the Onos Incarnon Evolution 4 challenge.
Fixed Incarnon UI elements overlapping with Weapon Descriptions in the Arsenal if Legacy Menu Scale is used. 
Fixed some stats overlapping with localized text (notably Thai) while previewing Railjack Components/Armanents. 
Fixed a number of areas where Höllars are still displayed as Credits in the UI while playing in Höllvania. 
Fixed redundant Reset Defaults and Randomize All buttons appearing in the bottom right corner of the Lotus and Cavia's customization windows. 
You can randomize and reset colors within the existing color selection options. 
Fixed Scaldra and Techrot missing from the Damage Efficacy tool tip list. 
Fixed Atomicycle map marker missing after dismounting from it in the 1999 Demo. 
Fixed The Hex Quest missing Lotus Eaters and The Duviri Paradox as prerequisites in the Codex. 
Fixed 1999 Calendar season icons looking a bit blurry. 
Fixed Standing gained values being inaccurate in the end of mission screen after completing a Syndicate mission. 
Fixed enhanced damage numbers appearing too close to the enemy.
Fixed Clients not seeing the Reactant HUD buff description in Survival Void Fissure missions. 
Fixed Cyte-09's Agile Set not sorting to the top of his Animation Set list. 
Fixed Summoner's Wrath HUD buff icon not showing stacked values if another player has it equipped (UI only issue, the buff was still applying). 
Fixed the Höllvania Central Mall minimap UI stacking on top of each other in the first stage of The Hex Quest. 
Fixed the Resource Drones button disappearing when viewing the full Star Chart, preventing players from collecting completed Extractors. 
Fixed changing Focus School in Navigation Loadout UI not saving when accessed in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Grinlok having a second set of Damage stats in the UI. 
Fixed the Stealth Finisher UI prompt flickering.
Fixed the Dojo decoration UI backdrop being black when viewing the Belly of the Beast Trophies. 
Fixed Operator overlapping on top of Focus School choice screen in The Second Dream. 
Fixed the Magazine stat on Bows increasing with mods in the UI (bows cannot have their magazine increased). 
Fixed icons in the squad list all being the default Excalibur Glyph when loading into a Höllvania bounty as a Client. 
Fixed incorrect decimal separators in localized Arcane descriptions. 
Fixed the Orowyrm Arena and its matching Simulacrum room missing mini-map UI.
Fixed a waypoint not navigating correctly in the Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed the minus symbol appearing in front of an already negative stat in mod descriptions - making it appear doubled. 
Fixed caged Drahks in the Junk Run Break Narmer mission being marked as allies in the minimap. If not friend, why friend shaped?
Fixed the Power Gains Override description appearing twice in the 1999 Calendar. 
Fixed the inventory count number in the Helminth Feed menu using the incorrect theme colors. 
Fixed the Neo V4 Relic showing as Neo Z6 in the "Last Relic Equipped" section of the Relic selection screen in Omni Fissure missions. 
Fixed Clients not seeing Arcane Bellicose stat bonus in the Arsenal stat UI while in a co-op Simulacrum.
Fixed Status Effect icons missing in the Melee Doughty, Arcane Truculence and Arcane Hotshot descriptions. 
Fixed Solo-only Challenge pop-ups (for Rivens, Incarnons, etc.) appearing in Multiplayer missions.
Fixed the Prefer Overlay Map toggle in settings not applying when entering missions/bounties/open landscape. 
Fixed Chat UI overlapping with the bottom of Vendor menus with many offerings (e.g. Loid, Acrithis).
Fixed Nightwave Mods tooltips overlapping with the "Go To Nightwave" prompt in the Nightwave log-in Announcement.
Fixed menu overlap when equipping Yareli, Sevagoth or Khora in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed Netracell kill area VFX not disappearing once the kill objective is completed.
Fixed VFX from the Zariman Ten-Zero's skybox bleeding through the Vistagraph in the Dormizone in the Vista Suite.
Fixed Techrot Miasmite missing the fuse and explosion VFX for Clients. 
Fixed the Atomicycle MoonStar Livery's backwheel VFX having visible edges. 
Fixed VFX lingering from arrow headshot kills when multishot mods are applied to Bow. 
Fixed misaligned exhaust and energy VFX on the Cafe Racer Atomicycle Livery. 
Fixed the Ninurta Claw Skin missing its energy VFX in mission/Simulacrum. 
Fixed the Seighe Scythe Skin having incorrect elemental VFX in the Arsenal. 
Fixed missing SFX when hitting the Juggernaut Behemoth in the Jade Shadows Quest.
Fixed Dante's Noctua not playing its unequip SFX.
Fixed Techrot Babau units missing Electricity stun animations.
Fixed glowing VFX unintentionally appearing in UI menus.
Fixed Daughter's background music playing over other transmissions. 
Fixed a visual artifact in volumetric fog that could cause rapid movements to occur in the fog. 
Fixed the Fog Failing Dojo Decoration VFX appearing black instead of grey. 
Made several tweaks to the ambience SFX in Höllvania.
Fixed Mesa's Ballistic Battery VFX pulse not matching player's custom colors. 
Fixed rotating Void Mirrors in Conjunction Survival, Albrecht Laboratories and the Cambion Drift missing their VFX. 
Fixed Gas Status Effect VFX not showing up. 
Fixed Grineer Ramparts in the Plains of Eidolon missing a dismount SFX.
Fixed dialogue timing in the Void Armageddon and Void Flood missions. 
Fixed Verdilac's Energy colors not applying to its projectiles. 
Fixed lighting issues on hair and fur textures causing them to look blocky/glowy. 
Fixed instances of the Somachord still playing songs when entering/exiting the Dormizone and during Angels of the Zariman Quest cutscenes.
Fixed the missing black and white VFX at the beginning of The Duviri Experience that usually fades as the gamemode progresses.
Fixed a case of the Void Mirror side objective spawning over a cave in Duviri, which had the unintended effect of preventing Kaithe usage in said cave. 
Fixed an incorrectly rotated rock in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed mines in a certain Kuva Fortress tile not having the same animations for Hosts and Clients. 
Fixed a visual gap between the Barricade and wall in the H-09 Efervon Tank assassination mission. 
Fixed map hole in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed players being able to clip through the outer terrain mesh of the Steel Path Orowyrm arena. 
Fixed a case of the missing stairs for Clients in a Lua Spy Vault. 
Fixed Host being unable to see a hole in the ground in a Lua Spy Vault. 
Fixed being able to see into a vent in the Jordas Golem Fight. Let Jordas keep his secrets!
Fixed a misplaced teleport volume in a Lua tile. 
Fixed an incorrect tile connector in the Orokin Derelict tileset. 
Fixed a missing collision in the Zoo in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed a texture error in the ground of an Undercroft tile. 
Fixed some lights flickering in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed various decal and lighting issues, as well as floating items in some Höllvania tiles. 
Fixed foliage clipping through Blink Pads in the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed being able to clip through a wall in Höllvania while riding Atomicycle and seeing checkerboard texture. 
Fixed Hex Treasures spawning under some rubble in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed players entering an out-of-bounds area in the Corpus Outpost tileset via Transference. 
Fixed the Grineer Sealabs extraction tile missing a console to reduce the alarm levels. In rare cases players may have gotten trapped in a room because of this. 
Fixed broken snow geometry in Duviri near Fort Wyrmsoul.
Fixed missing stairs in Lua Vaults for clients in Lua Spy missions.
Fixed certain elements in Cetus/Saya's Visions mission visibly fading in/out depending on your distance to them. 
Fixed a case of Vents in a certain Zariman Ten-Zero tile not breaking properly for Clients in Mobile Defense missions.
Fixed Coil Drives getting stuck on certain parts of the terrain in post-The New War Orb Vallis. 
Fixed falling through level after opening the Cambion Drift Bounty screen while running. 
Fixed disconnected ground textures in some of The Circuit tiles. 
Fixed the spikes on the Necralisk popping in and out of visibility while viewing at large distances in the Cambion Drift. 
Fixed pressure plates in Duviri Enigmas being partially visible.
Fixed issue with Hell-Scrubber towers spawning partly into the ground. 
Fixed issue with Hell-Scrub missions not failing if fail conditions have been met. 
Fixed collision missing on a ceiling ring in the Orokin Moon tileset.
Fixed enemy pathing issues around/on the awnings in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed level of detail (LOD) issues in one of the winter tiles in the Höllvania tileset.
Fixed many instances of bushes causing the camera to go inside the player in Duviri. 
Fixed being able to escape the map in one of the Grineer Forest tiles. 
Fixed map hole in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed some misaligned water and stair meshes in the Orokin Moon tileset. 
Fixed floor and doorways flickering in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed environment elements disappearing in the Prison Break Break Narmer mission when viewed at certain angles.
Fixed a large gap in one of the Corpus Outpost tiles.
Fixed Warframes getting stuck in the tilted/broken crossbars in the Corpus Gas City tileset. 
Fixed rare bug where player could fall out of the map when walking through the door to go to Backroom and then immediately turning back around to leave. 
Fixed enemy pathing issues in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed issues with meshes overlapping and floating snow piles in the Winter Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed some golden textures in the Necralisk and on the Entrati Dojo Decorations having black reflections.
Fixed the collision on a column in one of the Zariman tiles to prevent players from jumping up and out through the glass. 
Fixed Medallions and Ayatans sometimes spawning the Granum Void. 
Fixed Clients being teleported back to completed Spy rooms by sliding into the large moving blocks in Lua Spy missions. 
Fixed issues with enemy pathing in Winter Hell-Scrub missions. 
Fixed flickering on Grineer Deimos tilesets due to broken infestation geometry.
Fixed tileset issues in the Prison Break and Junk Run Break Narmer missions that were causing issues with NPCs. 
Fixed Nidus' full stack mutation lingering outside of the Helminth area in the Backrooms. 
Fixed certain tiles not being picked in Höllvania Hell-Scrub missions.
Fixed a crash in The Sacrifice Quest if the player died as the Operator and quit the game before they respawned.
Fixed crashing when trying to open a Warframe's Upgrade Screen if they had an Augment equipped for an Ability that was overwritten by a Helminth Ability.
Now the Augment Mod will automatically unequip if the corresponding Ability is overwritten. 
Fixed crash caused by NPCs missing their weapons (i.e. when disarmed). 
Fixed crash in Höllvania Exterminate mission. 
Fixed a crash that occurred while fighting the Ropaloyst.
Fix script error that could occur when logging out of the game while the Pom-2 was loading.
Fixed script error caused by toggle crouch. 
Fixed script error when quitting the Lotus Eaters Quest while struggle prompt UI is active. 
Fixed a crash when configuring Harmony in Teshin's Cave while playing The Duviri Experience.
Fixes towards crash when using alt-tab or alt-enter. 
Fixed script error when casting Kullervo's Wrathful Advance. 
Fixed a rare crash on PC after minimizing Warframe or dragging the game in windowed mode to resize it.
Fixed a script error when a Khora Specter uses her abilities on foes.
Fixed dead Ancients, Brood Mothers, Thrashers, and Therids playing electrocuted or immolated animations before entering their death animation. 
Since the electrocution and immolation animations were so long, players would waste valuable bullets and time trying to take down these foes, even though they were dead. 
Fixed Clients being unable to complete Railjack Orphix missions after destroying a security node and Host migration occurring. Clients were returning to the mission with the objective still requiring four nodes to be destroyed, but only 3 were left. 
Fixed the Necralisk appearing as the Arsenal background if accessed as the Operator/Drifter while in the Sanctum Anatomica.
Fixed Dagath Prex card being incorrectly rotated in the Decoration diorama.
Fixed custom Polychrome Fog not appearing in the skyboxes of the Open Space and Dry Dock Dojo rooms. 
Fixed enemy kills counting towards the "Destroy Stationary Objects" Höllvania Bounty challenge. 
Fixed Exploiter Orb staying in its basic idle animation at certain points during the fight. 
Fixed Ghoul Expired continuing to attack with its arm even though it's been destroyed. 
Fixed Saya's Visions transmissions playing after extracting from the mission. 
Also fixed Lotus' "mission complete" transmission in Saya's Visions. 
Fixed an issue where using Aim Toggle results in being unable to swap to your Secondary Weapon on a K-Drive.
Fixed being unable to Aim in Place in Caliber Chicks 2 if using Toggle Crouch instead of Hold to Crouch. 
If you have Toggle Crouch enabled, it will still work as a hold for Aim in Place. 
Also fixes the Aim in Place binding showing unbound in the tutorial while using Toggle Crouch. 
Fixed softlock when pausing/unpausing Caliber Chicks.
Fixed being able to open chat during the Caliber Chicks 2 loading screen, causing it to linger on screen while playing the minigame. 
Fixed lighting issues in the Nightwave Livery diorama.
Fixed the Drifter appearing to rizz themselves in a conversation with Aoi in KIM. We've already made that self-love joke, but here it is again.
Fixed errant extra spaces in various KIM conversations.
Fixed Hosts not seeing a Grineer Ship in the skybox during the Amar Archon Hunt fight. 
Fixed being able to Nova Wormhole out of the Moonlit Courtyard Simulacrum and become stuck.
Fixed being unable to place decorations in the pond in the Courtier's Bliss Dojo Room. Fish need love too!
Fixed rare cases of enemies dying immediately when attempting to recover from being knocked down if they fell just in the right spot. 
Fixed Techrot Baubau spawned from an uncleased Hell-Scrubber appearing to stand in place after being killed. 
Fixed rare case where Clients could experience a loss of function while using the turret on the Scaldra TI-92 truck to destroy it. 
Fixed a Pherogland spawning by Kalymos' feet before interacting with her to start the hunt in Legacyte Harvest missions. 
Fixed Kalymos appearing stretched and wonky while waiting for the player to interact with her in Legacyte Harvest mission. 
Fixed incorrect skybox in the Courtier's Bliss Dojo room when fast-travelled into. 
Fixed the Vagabond disappearing in Duviri for high-FOV and high-resolution monitors. 
Fixed the interact prompt for Zariman Quiz Tablets being visible while on a Kaithe. Silly Drifter, Kaithes can't read!
Fixed cases of Conservation footprints failing to spawn after interacting with a Trail Start Point, also resulting in the Trail Start Point disappearing.
Fixed aliasing issues with Quellor's materials. 
Fixed shadows causing Quinn to have black teeth/mouth in the Chrysalith.
Fixed strange head movement when running or crouching depending on where the player is looking.
Fixed an animation pop for the Rhino Heirloom Helmet when used with the Rhino Agile Animation Set.
Fixed offset issues with the Impetus Prime Syandana. 
Fixed random text line in the Power Gains 1999 Override description. 
Fixed seconds in timer not being localized in the Conclave matches. 
Fixed text in Index bidding UI not being properly localized.
Fixed Kalymos' left mouth corner not moving properly. 
Fixed motion blur issues on the liquid in Lavos' vials. 
Fixed Höllars pickup text missing comma/decimals to denote the thousands. 
Fixed Parallax's windows being too dark. 
Fixed filepath error popping up after hitting "Accept" more than once when applying Fusion to a mod when you do not have the correct amount of Endo to rank it to max. 
Fixed Corpus Obelisk entry animation showing Warframe flying upwards right before reaching the door in Railjack Neptune Proxima missions. 
Fixed a typo in one of Arthur's "Best Friends/Loved" rank conversations. 
Fixed Drifter moving to a seated position while hovering over AMP Arcanes in the Equipment section of the Drifter menu. 
Fixed Amir's "Dynamo Jump" Override description incorrectly saying the Electricity Damage buff lasts 5s instead of 3s. 
Fixed being able to destroy your Domestik Drone friend in the Höllvania Central Mall by bullet jumping over it (MY BOY, NOT MY BOY). 
Fixed Amir Gemini Skin glasses flickering on a Kuva Lich's Progenitor shoulder decoration.
Fixed missing textures on the Grinner Station in the Personal Quarters' Empyrean Vignette.
Fixed Excalibur Umbra missing his head in the Conclave.
Tentative fix for launching Warframe in fullscreen but alt-tabbing with split-second timing before the window can fully appear resulting in an invisible task you can't switch back to.
Fixed the link to Warframe's EULA missing from the launcher.
Fixed a case of stretched resolution on fresh installs of Warframe on the Steam Deck.
Fixed rare cases of Gemini Skins having a global tint applied to them on Articula or in statues in the Personal Quarters/Relay.
Fixed cursor on PC escaping the game window when playing Caliber Chicks if the user has multiple monitors.
Fixed the Belly of the Beast Ordis vendor re-appearing when entering Relays directly from a Railjack mission.
Fixed an issue where Operator hair styles that aren't named "Operator Cut #" were showing up as "Drifter Cut" in the list. 
Fixed Ordis' transmissions interrupting Alad V's introduction cinematic after completing the Jupiter Junction. 
Fixed the description for Arcane reward in the 1999 Calendar being incorrect. 
Fixed a typo in one of Aoi's Rank 5 conversations ( "betray" instead of "betraying"). 
Fixed Quincy's KIM profile showing Best Friends notes at Max Rank. 
Fixed being unable to filter chat using Cyrillic capital characters. 
Fixed players getting duplicates of the Hex Accolade Glyphs from defeating the H-09 Efervon Tank Apex and Warframe Glyphs from The Fragmented One. 
Fixed Warframe's Emissive color changing when equipping the Verv Emblem.
Fixed Prod Crewmen being unable to attack the Warframe Cryopod in Corpus Outpost Defense mission.
Fixed t-pose glitches when transitioning from the Höllvania Central Mall to mission while on Atomicycle. 
Fixed Client Warframes going invisible while riding Atomicycle after Host migration. 
Fixed being unable to place decorations in some spot of the hallway to the Dojo Drydock. 
Fixed aspect ratio detection issues in some cases when using exclusive fullscreen and monitors without EDID information. 
Fixed changing display mode to borderless overwriting your currently selected fullscreen or windowed resolution. 
Fixed changing display mode to borderless or windowed overwriting your currently selected fullscreen refresh rate. 
Fixed Corpus Security Nodes still attacking player Railjack while it is cloaked. 
Fixed the training dummy in Teshin's Cave missing most of its body and only having arms. 
Fixed various issues when dismounting a Railjack emplacement if another player was trying to mount it.
Fixed some Enemy Factions missing in the Simulacrum if the game was set to Turkish. 
Fixed culling distance being too close when video settings are set to high in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed the Watchful Paragrimm decoration having a large "no placement" red zone when attempting to place decorations. 
Fixed being able to interact with side objective context actions in The Duviri Experience while riding Kaithe.
Fixed Warframes in Conclave Loadouts being unable to equip Syndicate Sigils in PVE Loadouts.
Fixed Lua's Hall of Ascension Speed Test buttons not visually responding to player input (they were activating, but you couldn't tell!)
Fixed Hollow Vein's animations to be less stop and go.
Fixed players unable to purchase rotating vendor items (e.g. Ergo Glast's Tenet weapons) four minutes before the offerings would change.
Fixed The Hex and Cavia rank-up diorama incorrectly showing the player's Warframe instead of Arthur or Fibonacci when accessed in their respective hubs.
Fixed Clients seeing missing heads on Gemini Skins after a player used a Gemini Emote.
Fixed missing character and decoration lighting in the Orokin Tower Chamber Dojo room.
Fixed the tail of Lark Bishamo Apparel being contorted on Operators. 
Fixed player being in the wrong location while petting their Kavat.
Fixed being able to phase through objects with the Atomicycle.
Fixed Warframe in the login screen kneeling lower when logging into The Backrooms compared to other Base of Operations.
Fixed Techrot cocoons flickering due to missing shaders.
Fixed cases of Drifter beards not matching their hair color when reverting to defaults. 
Fixed the "Prefer Overlay Map" setting not applying to non-Open Landscape missions with streaming tunnels (ie. Höllvania, Albrecht's Laboratories).
For list of known issues for Techrot Encore that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Lavos Prime: Hotfix 38.0.12
**Date:** 2025-02-20T16:37:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Improved Void Tear spawn rates in Excavation Void Fissure missions if there is only one dig site active. 
Previously, Void Tears (and the Reactant dropped from the enemies they spawned) would increase per number of dig sites. Since only 200 Cryotic (2 complete Digs) is required to open a Relic, this was counterintuitive as Tenno would prioritize one dig site at a time to ensure they received enough Reactant.
Now, this Void Tear spawn rate increase applies when there is one dig site active, and we've increased the bonus to ensure there are Corrupted foes aplenty. 
Reduced the speed of the Cedo Prime glaive from 105 m/s down to 75 m/s.
We wanted to increase the flight speed of Cedo Prime's alt fire, enabling it to hit more enemies and return to the gun faster so that it could be fired more often. This made the auto-homing feature have a harder time steering to hit enemies, and despite giving it a sharper turning radius to compensate, it still tended to sometimes bounce out of large groups of enemies.
The base Cedo glaive has a projectile speed of 60 m/s. Cedo Prime glaive had a speed of 105 m/s, and this hotfix brings it down to 75 m/s, hopefully striking a balance between the intention of more bounces quickly, and the ability to bounce multiple times the way a Cedo glaive is known to do!
Reduced the Ducat selling price of Nidus Prime Neuroptics to 65 as it will be available at an uncommon rarity with his upcoming Prime Resurgence Relics. Stay tuned for when you can expect that rotation!

### Fixes
Fixed cases of Clients seeing black screens and/or crashing after the Host extracts in Zariman Ten Zero missions.
Fixed items that obstruct player view (ex: large shoulder pieces, etc.) not fading out when aiming down sights in 1999 missions.
Fixed Acolytes not spawning in Steel Path missions started from the Höllvania Central Mall in 1999.
Also fixed Acolytes not spawning in Steel Path bounties on the Zariman Ten-Zero.
Fixed no longer being able use Transference to your Operator/Drifter for the rest of the mission if you die as Operator/Drifter while you're mid-Transference to your Warframe.
Fixed damage absorbed from Chaos'd enemies not affecting the radius of Nyx's Absorb explosion.
Fixed Cedo and Cedo Prime's signature trait not applying to Lavos Prime.
Fixed Cedo and Cedo Prime's signature trait converting 100% of secondary ammo instead of the intended 50%.
Fixed a small speck of untintable gold on Lavos Prime.
Fixed new Host being stuck on their Atomicycle if a host migration occurred at a precise moment when loading into a 1999 mission from the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed an extra player being able to join a full session if Stalker had invaded the mission.
Fixed inconsistent reload times for Shotguns with the Hecton Shotgun Skin equipped.
Known Issue: the Zobov Shotgun Skin is still affected by this issue!
Fixed the Necra Prime Drifter Suit clipping into the back of the neck.
Fixed pop-up that appears when attempting to start The New War Quest without a Necramech incorrectly directing players to Loid instead of Father in the Necralisk.
Fixed the Warframe: 1999 On-lyne Poster having incorrect aspect ratio.
Fixed changing Windowed Resolution failing to update the aspect ratio.
Fixed the Rhino Rubedo Skin having grey shoulders when equipped on Rhino Prime.
Fixed a script error if the Host and Client in a squad extract to separate locations from a 1999 mission, and the Client starts a new mission via their Orbiter Pom-2. 
Now Clients will extract to the Mall if the Host started the mission from Höllvania Central Mall.
For list of known issues for Warframe: 1999 that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCLavos Prime: Hotfix 38.0.12
**Date:** 2025-02-20T16:37:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Lavos Prime: Hotfix 38.0.11
**Date:** 2025-02-14T16:18:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Techrot Cache and Melica Cache waypoints are now map-wide for Bounties that require players to open them as an objective.
We've seen quite a few players comment on being unable to find Techrot Caches for these Bounties, especially in endless missions. This map-wide waypoint should help Tenno find them easier. Since Melica Caches are a similar mechanic, we gave them the same treatment!
Made the following improvements to the Scavenge Precept:
Companions will no longer idle in front of lockers before attempting to Scavenge. 
Added SFX that indicates whether they successfully opened a locker or not. Kubrows will now bark happily on a success, and whine if they fail.
Fixed cases of the Scavenge animation not lining up with the locker in the Kuva Fortress and Grineer Sealab Tilesets.
Added a new Meso P15 Relic to address Gauss Prime Chassis and Gunsen Prime Handle accidentally being vaulted.
Reduced Gauss Prime Blueprint's Ducat value from 45 to 25 since it is available as a common drop from the Axi Z2 Relic.

### Fixes
Fixed incomplete 1999 Calendar Tasks resetting on the first attempt if players returned to Höllvania Central Mall from their mission.
Fixed cases of Venari not acting on commands after spending some time in a Höllvania mission.
Fixed cutscenes not playing when ranking up in the Cavia Syndicate.
Fixed Cedo and Cedo Prime gaining ammo at the start of their reload instead of the end.
Fixed Lavos Prime's glass having a greenish tint.
Fixed animation popping on Lavos Prime's snakes when cycling through idle animations.
Fixed Lavos Prime not appearing in Teshin's Cave in Duviri.
Fixed offset issues with the Nimandi Prime Armor set (notably on Dante).
Fixed various armor offset issues on the Rhino Heirloom Skin.
Fixed the Despot Syandana clipping into the Rhino Heirloom Skin's hip.
Fixed a hitch when previewing the Rhino Deathwatch Skin in the Arsenal.
Fixed being able to send Protoframes 2 gifts a day if one of those gifts was sent before or during a conversation in KIM.
Also fixed Protoframes appearing to go offline after sending a gift, even if they had a conversation available.
Fixed the Dual Zoren Prime being available in Conclave.
Fixed a script error that could occur when changing loadouts while in the Navigation menu, resulting in the loadout selector becoming unresponsive.
For list of known issues for Warframe: 1999 that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Lavos Prime: Hotfix 38.0.10
**Date:** 2025-02-12T16:02:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Removed the ability to roll the Magazine Capacity stat for Grimoire Rivens. 
Since the Grimoire does not have a Magazine Capacity, this was a useless stat to roll — or a very lucky one to get a negative for. Existing Grimoire Rivens are untouched by this change.

### Fixes
Arterial Tube Auxiliary Attachment:
Lavos Prime comes with the option to equip or unequip his Lavos Prime Arterial Tubes via Auxiliary Attachments.
Hildryn Prime
Larkspur Prime
Shade Prime
Fixed the Techrot faction buff unintentionally being applied to the second phase of the H-09 Efervon Tank fight.
Fixed being unable to publicly match make into Free Roam Sorties on the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed being able to join other missions as Stalker, instead of just the Belly of the Beast Ascension mission.
Fixed accessing Navigation in the middle of Ordis' or Simaris' transmissions in the Octavia's Anthem Quest resulting in players being unable to progress to the next stage.
Fixes towards Acrithis offering duplicate wares.
Fixed Nova's Wormhole being able to bypass Scaldra blockades in H-09 Efervon Tank Assassination missions.
Fixed performance issues caused by the Zobov Shotgun Skin's reload when used by Cyte-09.
Fixed weapon and Warframe preview missing from the Duviri mission select screen if accessed via the Dormizone. 
Fixed the Rhino Prime Skin missing from the list of equippable skins for Rhino Prime.
Fixed various armor offset issues for Rhino Heirloom Skin.
Fixed various offset issues for the Techrot Armor on Warframes and Drifters.
Fixed Infested Web Dojo Decorations being pink.
Fixed "Copy Suit Colors" option in the Drifter/Operator Attachments menu opening the Color Palette window if your Drifter/Operator had an Ephemera equipped.
Fixed Caliber Chicks 2 leaderboards not updating if your current score is lower than your all time high score.
Fixed missing SFX from the waterfall in the Kronia Relay.
Fixed various Excalibur helmets and the Ash Inchneumon Helmet not appearing in Conclave missions.
For list of known issues for Warframe: 1999 that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCRhino Heirloom: Hotfix 38.0.9
**Date:** 2025-02-07T19:02:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Rhino Heirloom: Hotfix 38.0.8
**Date:** 2025-02-06T16:06:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
A new Somachord track titled "The Great KIM" is available to acquire from Aoi's Offerings in The Höllvania Central Mall. 
This is the 8-bit version of On-Lyne's "The Great Despair" that plays while you are using the POM-2! 
Added "Crouch Button is Toggle" to Controller settings while playing on PC. 
Before adding this toggle, if you were using the "Crouch, Slide, And Roll" binding you'd have to hold it down to maintain a crouch, which could be uncomfortable or limiting for certain players. Now, with this enabled, you can toggle crouch simply by tapping the "Crouch, Slide, And Roll" binding. The "Toggle Crouch" binding is still available to bind to your controller if you wish to. 
Added confirmation popups when deleting inbox messages that contain a fullscreen cinematic. 
We want to prevent those who want to keep their NYE kiss cinematics from accidentally deleting them. 
Added a "Players waiting" pop-up when players have approached the boss fight trigger in H-09 Efervon Tank Assassination.
Added the ability to exit out of the KIM reset at year-end if you're not quite ready to make a decision. 
By delaying the decision you will be able to interact with the Pom-2 normally, but this reset pop-up will continue to appear each time you open the Pom-2 until you choose to Remember or Forget.

### Changes
Rhino Heirloom: Hotfix 38.0.8:
Immortalize the indestructible. Celebrate your favorite ironclad Warframe — Rhino — with a new commemorative Heirloom Collection.
Just like with Ember Heirloom, there are two slightly different Rhino Heirloom Collections you can purchase in one of two ways: using either Platinum or real-world currency. Players can also purchase any item from the Rhino Heirloom Collection individually for Platinum via the in-game Market.
Rhino players can now apply Iron Skin Overrides via their Auxiliary Attachments. Since many of Rhino's skins also come with unique Iron Skin VFX, Tenno who have those cosmetics will also gain access to their Overrides: 
Invisible Iron Skin Override (available to all Rhino players)
With this Override equipped, the Iron Skin VFX will appear briefly upon casting and then disappear. 
Deathwatch Iron Skin Override (available regardless if you own the skin)
Palatine Iron Skin Override (requires ownership of the Rhino Palatine Skin)
Prime Iron Skin Override (requires ownership of Rhino Prime)
Heirloom Iron Skin Override (requires ownership of the Rhino Heirloom Skin)
With Nora's Mix Vol. 8, completing Nightwave acts can net you these new (and returning) rewards.
Like previous editions of Nightwave, duplicate protection is in place for rewards you have already unlocked. Tenno can expect to be compensated with Nora's Mix Vol. 8 Creds instead of the previous unlocked reward.
Big Bytes Pizza Sigil 
Nightwave (Landing Craft)
Creds if owned!
Nightwave (Atomicycle) Livery 
Heuris Polearm Skin
Creds if owned!
Lillian Floof
Jillian Floof
Vesper 77 "Leaded Gas" Augment Mod
On Weak Point Hit: +300% Gas Damage and Status Effect Chance for 6s.
Battlecry Drifter Visage Ink 
Prepare for battle with a warrior inspired Visage Ink for the Drifter. 
Boltor Kubrow Armor
This Kubrow armor is believed to have been forged by the same Tenno weaponsmith who created the Boltor. 
Aoi Origami Glyph
Rep your favorite Protoframe with this Aoi Glyph. 
Tammpet Sugatra
Outfit your weapons with 1999's hottest toy. 
Proto Necramech Skin
Creds if owned!
AX-52 "Biotic Rounds" Augment Mod
On Weak Point Kill: +150% Viral and Magnetic Damage and Status Chance for 15s. 
Glacia Syandana
Creds if owned!
Wirematrix Ephemera
Embrace the look of 1999's most cutting-edge video game technology with this wireframe-themed Ephemera.
Techrot Armor Bundle
Get the look of Techrot without catching a nasty, life-destroying infection.
Koumei Orihime Helmet Blueprint
Cyte-09 Espricor Helmet Blueprint
Eximus Advantage (Zylok)
Metamorphic Magazine (Gorgon)
Sentient Barrage (Battacor)
Orowyrm's Rage Sigil
Your Move: Complete a game of Komi in Duviri
Helping Hand: Rescue an animal in Duviri
Feed Me More: Feed the Maw in Duviri
Salutations: Visit Acrithis in Duviri
Love is in the air and the stars are shining brighter this season, as the annual Star Days event returns!
Visit Ticker on Fortuna to fall head over heels with new and returning items available now (11 a.m. ET on February 6) until March 5 at 11 a.m. ET. Your love may be eternal but these exclusive Star days items aren't!
New Star Days Glyph, courtesy of community artist 4MORI4N.
Star Days Amir Glyph
Star Days Aoi Glyph
Star Days Arthur Glyph
Star Days Lettie Glyph
Star Days Quincy Glyph
Star Days Eleanor Glyph 
Kexat Kavat Gene-Masking Kit
Fabled Gene-Masking Kit (previously available via Nora's Mix Vol. 4)
Reduced Faction-specific kill requirements for 1999 Calendar tasks by ~50% for Scaldra and ~25% for Techrot.
Since the Techrot often make an appearance even in Scaldra missions, Tenno come across fewer Scaldra overall -
thus their kill requirements have been adjusted accordingly.
Improved network stability, notably for players using certain network services. 
The Steel Path Squad Vs. Squad Faceoff node is no longer required to receive the 1999 Steel Path Emote and Trophies. Now, completing the Solo Squad node will register both nodes as cleared. 
Completing the Squad Vs. Squad node hinged on matchmaking availability, which could be unreliable at times. So we removed it as a requirement to progressing/completing the 1999 Steel Path. 
The new Faceoff game mode has received a polish pass, featuring the following changes:
Made small improvements to Ally NPC spawning in Faceoff: Single Squad missions.
The number of ghostly enemy specters in Faceoff missions will now properly reflect how many enemies are on the other team.
Improved cases of the Mobile Voice Pirate Radio jittering when moving around obstacles in Faceoff missions.
Faceoff extraction will now become immediately available once one team completes the third objective.
Increased the amount of time required for the AI enemy team to complete Data Burn in Steel Path Faceoff: Single Squad.
Improved Faceoff Assassination targets spawning logic to help eliminate cases of Assassination Targets either a) not spawning or b) spawning far away, resulting in one team being progression stopped. 
Now Assassination Targets should spawn in better locations overall and not clip with the environment.
Improved VFX on the Gravity Wells spawned by the Gravity Wells Boost. 
Reduced the maximum height needed to make progress on the "Kill X enemies while on high ground" Höllvania Bounty challenge. 
Players noted that it was rather difficult to make progress on this challenge in the underground portions of the tileset. This was due to the height distance requirement between players and enemies being far too extreme. Now, as long as the enemies' heads are shin's length below your feet, killing them will progress the challenge, so it's much more forgiving! 
Also worth noting that players must have some contact with the environment to be considered "high ground"
this means that wall-latching counts! 
The black portions of the Athletic Shirt and Sleeves can now be color customized! They now use the "Secondary Color" channel. 
Increased the overall damage and Health of the Techrot faction. 
In their previous state, the Techrot was easy to mow down in the Steel Path. So we brought them up closer to the Infested and Scaldra factions for more engaging combat. 
We did not however increase the Health of the Techrot Babau. We want to maintain the changes we made in Hotfix 38.0.3 that reduced its Health and Shields. 
Albrecht Laboratories and Höllvania resources can now be fed to Helminth for the following Secretions: 
Oxides: 
Entrati Obols
Synthetics: 
Necracoil 
Experimental Arc-Relay 
Calx: 
Stela 
Bile: 
Vessel Capillaries 
Efervon Sample 
Biotics: 
Höllvania Pitchweave Fragment 
Pheromones: 
Techrot Motherboard 
Techrot Chitin 
An exclamation mark will now appear on the POM 2's monitor when there is a notification available (Calendar Prize to claim, messages in KIM, etc.). 
Curtains in the Backroom can now be separately color customized. 
Access this by opening up the pause menu and going to Equipment > Backroom > Backroom Appearance > Change Curtain color. 
Made tweaks to the cables in the Backroom ceiling so that they interact with surroundings better. Also adjusted thickness and color variation, optimized them and fixed them clipping into ceiling, beams and pipes. 
Updated the Backroom Arsenal backdrop and fixed missing details.
Made improvements to Drifter facial expressions during New Year's Eve kiss cinematic. 
Players can now skip the New Year's Eve kiss cinematic.
Removed the "Tactician" listing from the Alliance Permissions screen, as being able to deploy and manage Solar Rails was removed many years ago. Better late than never!
Removed the mention of "Status" in the Static Buildup Override's description, since it grants Electricity Damage and not Status. 
Now reads: Each meter traveled grants Electricity Damage. Attacking consumes 10% of the accumulated charge. 
Protoframes will now offer unplayed "Close" conversations when players have reached Best Friend or Loved status.
This was a highly requested feature, since Protoframes did not have conversations available once you have maxed out their Chemistry. It's possible that some of these newly-available conversations won't fully make sense in the context of your relationship status with them, but a chat is still a chat.
Added SFX to the animations when activating/closing the Foundry, Arcane, and Atomicycle segments in the Backroom. 
Tweaked the audio of Dante's abilities to reduce the harshness of some frequencies. 
Slightly reduced the SFX volume of the Dual Decurions (base and Prisma). 
Reduced the Techrot Babau's spawn SFX volume. 
Adjusted mix for all Melee "whoosh" SFX. 
Reduced the spamming of creaking SFX on the automobiles in Höllvania. 
Made the Legacyte's jumping SFX more audible from farther distances. 
Updated the SFX of the propeller on the Hell-Scrub towers. 
Removed repetitive elements of Techrot Skuzzi's SFX to reduce sound fatigue.
Made small physics memory optimizations. 
Fixed Excalibur Umbra causing hitches at the start of the "Search for Umbra" and "Pursue Umbra" stages of The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed Clients experiencing performance issues from Nekros' Shadows of the Dead with Arcane Camisado. 
Fixed hitches caused by transmissions in Steel Path Höllvania missions if started from the POM-2 in the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed a hitch at mission start in The Sacrifice Quest when searching for Umbra.
Fixed a hitch when viewing the Chains of Harrow or Glast Gambit quests in the Codex after having completed them.

### Fixes
Fixed 1999 Calendar Tasks' progress being reset after Host migration. 
Fixed Höllvania Bounty challenge not appearing for Host after accepting mission invite from Orbiter. 
Known Issue: the associated Hex member will not spawn into the Bounty if the mission is started in this specific way. 
Fixed a crash caused by Clients rapid-firing the Mandonel Heavy Weapon, often occurring in Profit Taker runs.
Fixed Biocodes to open Techrot Safes in Höllvania not being marked by Orokin Eye.
Fixed cases of 1999 Calendar Tasks appearing to reset after completing the challenge (UI only issue, challenge was properly marked as complete in 1999 Calendar upon completing mission). 
Known issue: this UI bug still applies to the Ex-Eximus task. 
Fixed Felarx's reload being incredibly slow with the Mounting Momentum perk. 
Fixed the Lone Gun Incarnon Perk not applying to the Vasto if you do not have a Primary weapon equipped. 
Fixed the Ready Retaliation perk not working on Lex Incarnon. 
Fixed Reconifex's perfect reload Heat Damage buff being inconsistent when the game is running at ~30 FPS. 
Fixed bonus heat damage from Reconifex's perfect reload not applying if it has a skin equipped.
Known issue: the bonus heat damage is now applied, but does not properly refresh the buff if it's currently active.
Fixed Ancient Protectors giving Overguard to the spectral forms of Thrax Centurion and Thrax Legatus. 
Fixed Clients not dealing additional damage when attacking the weak points on the Scaldra Barbican shields. 
Fixed extraction becoming available before the required captures have been met in Legacyte Harvest Bounties. 
Fixed game freeze after removing Decorations from the Orbiter using Advanced Mode. 
Fixed loss of function after switching between KBM and Controller when opening Foundry. 
Fixed Duplex Bond and Brief Respite not triggering for Clients in Höllvania missions if they have Inner Might active. 
Fixed the New Year's Eve kiss cinematic not using your currently selected Drifter appearance Loadout and always defaulted to "A". 
Moving forward, kiss inboxes will store the player's current loadout at the time of playing the cinematic.
Fixed Trinity's Well of Life immortality effect insta-killing immune enemies (ex: Demolysts), bosses (ex: Tyl Regor) and friendlies (ex: Saryn's Molt, Loki's Decoy, etc.). 
Now, ability-resistant enemies will instead take up to 20k damage in the form of a health drain. 
Fixed Nova's Molecular Prime explosion range getting blocked by multiple lined up enemies. 
Fixed Ramparts in the Junk Run Break Narmer mission running out of ammo, preventing being able to complete the Thumper fight. They now have infinite ammo! 
Fixed only needing to kill 3 enemies in the Mastery Rank 21 test. If you completed this test in its broken state, maybe kill a few extra enemies today to make up for it.
Fixed Inaros' Swarm Kavats being invisible to Clients.
Fixed not receiving Standing for allies of your pledged Faction Syndicate when playing Netracell missions.
Fixed being able to bypass movement restrictions during Nyx's Assimilate by casting certain Helminth abilities.
Fixed being able to summon the Atomicycle in Mastery Rank Tests. 
Fixed Mag's Magnetize bubble absorbing Ionic Charges in Ascension missions when thrown. 
Fixed Chemistry Rank not properly increasing to Loved if agreeing to date a Protoframe via KIM Chat if your Chemistry level is Close or below. 
This was only an issue if you agreed to date a Protoframe via KIM, not if you initiated the relationship by talking to them in the Mall. 
If you're a player affected by this issue, earning Chemistry via Gifting or Bounties should bring you up to the correct rank!
Fixed Umbra's Warrior's Rest Augment not applying if you entered a 1999 mission from the Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed Amps not receiving Affinity when exiting a mission via a streaming tunnel (ie. through Cetus doors, etc.).
Fixed cases of Aura Mod effectiveness doubling in Duviri and in the Simulacrum.
Fixed having the Arsenal open while entering a mission from the Höllvania Central Mall resulting in function loss.
This could occur if you were using the Arsenal right next to the Atomicycle and someone else triggered the mission start. To fix this, players can no longer access their Arsenal in the Garage section of the Mall. 
Fixed cases of Aura Mod effectiveness doubling in Duviri and in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a fully built Reconifex Receiver appearing in Hell-Scrub: Scaldra drop tables instead of the Blueprint as intended.
Fixed Sisters of Parvos and Kuva Liches only displaying a Protoframe's hair instead of their full head.
Fixed camera being extremely zoomed in during the Epilogue cinematic in The New War Quest.
Fixed Typholyst being able to fall out of the map in The New War Quest, causing players to be unable to progress past that stage. 
Fixed the locks on the doors not disappearing after disabling Orphix Fields in The New War Quest. 
Fixed being able to teleport back to the Drifter Camp via Pom-2 Fast Travel (only available during replays) in a certain section of The New War Quest, resulting in a progression stop.
Fixed dialogue being out of sync with animation in a section of The Hex Quest.
Fixed lighting on ground/rocks in Cetus flickering during The New War Quest cinematics. 
Fixed a rare crash in The New War Quest.
Fixed cases of the Murmur seemingly ignoring the Drifter in The Hex alternative ending.
Fixed enemies staying behind buildings during Quincy's sniper stage in The Hex Quest, causing it to take a long time to clear. 
Fixed Murmur enemies dropping items in The Hex Quest finale sequence. 
Also fixed enemies dropping items during Quincy's sniper stage. 
Fixed Murmur enemies spawning and getting stuck in a hammock in the "Hold off the Murmur" stage of The Hex Quest (resting is apparently a crime to the Murmur). 
Fixed cases of the Murmur seemingly ignoring the Drifter in The Hex alternative ending.
Fixed Aoi's mouth moving when Amir talks during the final cutscene of The Hex Quest's alternate ending. 
Also fixed Aoi lip sync missing for some of her lines. 
Fixed Drifter in The Hex's alternate ending cutescenes having the wrong face and missing Visage Inks. 
Fixed characters being unlit during flashback sequence in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed a random "SacrifceADayLater" popup occurring after completing The Sacrifice Quest and swapping base of operations to the Backrooms. 
Fixed Lodun missing his tablet in a cinematic during The Duviri Paradox quest.
Fixed excessive camera spinning during a cinematic in Stage 2 of The Duviri Paradox Quest.
Fixed being able to use the quick travel wheel to move to the Necralisk in the first stage of the Whispers in the Walls Quest.
The quick travel wheel is now disabled during this stage to prevent potential issues with Quest progression. 
Fixed Archgun having muffled SFX in the final stage of The Archwing Quest.
Fixed Helminth abilities from the Secondary Account being unlocked on the Merged Account. Helminth abilities are determined by the chosen Primary Account.
Fixed Cyte-09's Neutralizer being active allowing other equipped weapons to pick up more ammo than intended. 
Fixed Cyte-09's Neutralizer being able to equip Sniper Rifle skins. 
Since this is an Exalted Weapon, it can only apply Neutralizer-specific skins to avoid animation issues. (Similar to Mesa's Peacemaker, Hildryn's Balefire Charger, Ivara's Artemis Bow, etc.)
Fixed Dera Incarnon's "Crimson Overture" Evolution applying to your equipped sSecondary weapon as well.
Fixed Primary Exhilarate not triggering from Impact Status Effect that originate from Nagantaka and Scourge. 
Fixed the "Fire Manual Trigger Weapons Continuously" toggle turning the Mandonel's charged shot into rapid-fire. 
Fixed the Batch Remove Friends tool not working and giving a "Given Username does not exist" error. 
Fixed the Central Mall Backroom Captura Scene missing the player-placed decorations in their Backroom. 
Fixed being able to bypass the starting barrier in Faceoff missions using Wisp's Wil-O-Wisp. 
Fixed Host migration in Ascension missions before the elevator reaches the top causing returning players to be unable to complete the mission. 
Fixed Unairu and Naramon Abilities being swapped in the Loadout overview in the Navigation menu.
Fixed Incarnon Reticle persisting in Free Camera View in Captura.
Fixed rare case where Quincy would stop following players in Hell-Scrub Bounties. 
Fixed Drifter appearing blurry when customizing them via the mirror in the Backroom if Depth of Field is enabled.
Fixed player and Railjack crew being misaligned when in the Railjack Pilot / Front Gunner seat. 
Fixed Clients being unable to pass through the gates of one of the secret rooms in Albrecht's Laboratory. 
Fixed doors to extraction zones in Open Landscapes not opening while riding Atomicycle. 
Now, upon approaching the doors you will be auto-dismounted from the Atomicycle in order to enter and extract. 
Fixed being able to purchase and place several "one per account" Decorations (i.e. Yooka Floof, Rell's Donda, Nihil's Oublilette) in the Backroom. 
Fixed players being able to see friend requests from those on their Ignore lists. 
These requests are auto-declined if a player is on your Ignore list, but this didn't happen until the receiving player logged out — resulting in cases where they could see a request from a player they were ignoring if received whilst online. Now it should properly auto-decline immediately and the recipient is none the wiser. 
Fixed being able to infuse a second damage-boosting Ability on Warframes via Helminth.
Accounts with Warframes in this state have had the unintended Ability Infusion removed. 
Fixed certain Decorations in Bird 3's Shiny Treasures offerings not having the same appearance frequency as others. Now, all decorations should have an equal chance of rotating in. 
Fixed the Noble Opal Collection in the Market missing Zaw and Kitgun Rivens.
This fix was patched live on January 16 and a script was run for those missing the Rivens.
Fixed inventory count not updating for Ayatan Sculpture placed in the Personal Quarters Vignette that are returned to inventory after changing Vignette.
Fixed Deacon statues being invisible during the "Use Deacon Veils to Open the Barrier" section of the Archon Hunt. 
Fixed dropping and immediately picking up the Power Cell Detonation over the Grav Conveyor causing the Raptor Asssassination mission from progressing. Also fixed the timer displaying 9999. 
Fixed Transference being enabled in the 1999 Demo. 
Fixed a Decree Fragment spawning out of bounds and being inaccessible in the Dax Camp Circuit tile. 
Fixed new players receiving event specific inbox messages (ex: Razorback Armada) before they have completed the Vor's Prize Quest. 
Fixed an unintended "Infested" category appearing in the "Relinquish Adversaries" Codex menu. There's clearly no reason for that category to exist — pay no attention to the boyband behind the curtain.
Fixed cases of KIM message history being cut off when swapping between conversations of different lengths.
Fixed various lighting issues in Cambion Drift caves.
Fixed Adversary transmissions not occurring in the Backroom. 
These transmissions are still restricted during The Hex Quest. 
Fixed cursor being visible during the New Year's Eve kiss cinematic. 
Fixed camera panning to the Fast Travel location when using the Fast Travel options via the Pause Menu in the Orbiter. 
It should now fade to black and transport you like Gear Wheel fast travel options. Hey, you. You're finally awake.
Fixed Clients being able to "steal" the Host's Atomicycle when loading into Höllvania missions via the Mall.
Fixed Eleanor missing her face if players Fast Travelled to her immediately after loading into Höllvania Central Mall.
Fixed instances where waypoint pathing could break in one of the tiles in the Orokin Tower tileset. 
Fixed a case of broken waypoint pathing in the Grineer Sealab Tileset.
Fixed Clients seeing "Use Zipline" context action when they are not near a zipline in the Höllvania tileset. 
Fixed certain areas of the Höllvania tileset disappearing when viewing at a distance. 
Fixed Operator Ephemera's missing most of their color channels in the Orbiter. 
Fixed Operator face being stretched downward while sitting in the Transference chair. 
Fixed combat music fading while fighting the Legacyte in Legacyte Harvest missions.
Fixed the Focus "Upgrade Available" notification not doing anything when selected in the Backroom. 
Fixed an invisible volume blocking the tunnel between the Backroom and the Höllvania Central Mall. 
Fixed rare instances where enemies would not spawn after joining an in-progress Höllvania mission. 
Fixed loss of function when opening the Pause Menu while dismounting a Scaldra rampart in 1999 missions.
Fixed being unable to apply a Look Links chat filter via the callout button on controllers.
Fixed Companion DNA Helix VFX lingering in the Backroom's Incubator. 
Fixed the smoke VFX on the back of the Nezha's Empyrean Skin taking Energy color. 
Fixed unintended green texture on Senta Turrets in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed the Mods Segment in the Backroom having aliasing issues with an emissive detail. It's been removed to save your eyes!
Fixed Titania's Diwata having a second set of Damage stats in the UI. 
Fixed rare case where Dante's Dark Verse SFX would overlap when used in tandem with Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed Amir Gemini Skin's voicelines after Transference being robotic. 
Fixed physics reactions missing for various objects in the Höllvania tileset (ex: firing at snow not showing hit effect). 
Fixed the Community Tennobaum Aoi Glyph description being incorrect. 
Now reads: "A Glyph depicting Aoi levitating snowballs, created by alcyonsa." 
Fixed several text missing localization (ex: "Profile" in the KIM chat system). 
Fixed a hole in the Backroom that players could fall through. 
Fixed a hole in the underground Höllvania tileset that players could fall through. 
Fixed not all maps being available in Cephalon Capture map rotation for Conclave. (This only applied to matches not hosted on Dedicated Servers)
Removed the "Tactician" listing from the Alliance Permissions screen, as being able to deploy and manage Solar Rails was removed many years ago. Better late than never!
Fixed players having access to a "TennoCon" controller icon set, resulting in white squares appearing instead of the proper button icons.
Fixed accessing the Parazon Upgrade screen from the Adversary menu then opening the Archon Shard menu resulting in your Lich/Sister of Parvos overlapping in the Archon Shard menu. They're just making notes of what to steal for next time.
Fixed Loadout selection UI overlapping in the Pause Menu after opening it while in the Navigation screen.
Fixed edge cases of SFX abruptly cutting out for the Rauta, Cantare, Hate, and Evensong.
Fixed SFX of Legacyte attempting to escape not playing for Clients in Legacyte Harvest missions.
Fixed a lighting seam on the floor of the Orbiter while in the Drifter Camp. 
Fixed issues with graffiti decals in the Backroom projecting onto player placed decorations. 
Fixed broken graffiti decals in the Backroom. 
Fixed steel beams clipping/z-fighting in the Backroom. 
Fixed crashes when returning from mission to Operations Base.
Fixed crash that could occur when leaving Backroom after changing the Warframe Display. 
Fixed a script error in the Exploiter Orb fight.
Fixes towards a script error when attempting to purchase a Glyph.
Fixed script error from the Backroom date UI popup. 
Fixed script errors in Legacyte Harvest missions. 
Fixed script error caused by max rank Arcane Camisado. 
Fixed script error in Höllvania Exterminate missions that was causing the Effervon Cache to not appear. 
Fixed script error when downed in Archwing during The New War Quest. 
Fixed script error in Backroom. 
Fixed script error when selecting Fishing/Conservation consumable gear. 
Fixed script error when customizing Atomicycle. 
Fixed crash after returning from Host migration in Höllvania missions. 
Fixed crash caused by FOV. 
Fixed a rare crash in the Navigation Menu after idling for an excessively long time.
For list of known issues for Warframe: 1999 that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## PCRhino Heirloom: Hotfix 38.0.8
**Date:** 2025-02-06T16:06:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.7
**Date:** 2025-01-14T20:03:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.6
**Date:** 2025-01-09T20:05:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.5
**Date:** 2024-12-18T20:19:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.4
**Date:** 2024-12-17T21:16:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.3
**Date:** 2024-12-16T22:06:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.2
**Date:** 2024-12-14T19:10:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Made adjustments to the SFX of the Techrot Mutalist's abilities.
Tweaked the SFX volume of the Legacyte's abilities.

### Fixes
Hey Tenno! A rare but necessary Hotfix on a Saturday to address some very important issues so that you can continue enjoying the update.
For list of known issues for Warframe: 1999 that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Warframe: 1999: Hotfix 38.0.1
**Date:** 2024-12-14T01:36:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 38: Warframe: 1999
**Date:** 2024-12-13T14:04:53Z | **Type:** Update
## Koumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.11
**Date:** 2024-11-14T20:03:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.10
**Date:** 2024-11-13T20:24:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Xaku Prime: Hotfix 37.0.9
**Date:** 2024-11-13T16:02:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Koumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.8
**Date:** 2024-10-16T21:15:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Updated the Atomicycle's ragdoll hit effect sound in the Warframe: 1999 Demo.

### Fixes
Fixed the Mantle, E Prime, Gaia, Mariana, and Lith Earth nodes not appearing in the Void Fissure mission rotation.
Fixed being unable to cast abilities on Keyboard/Mouse if the "Use Abilities on Selection" option is enabled in the Controller settings. 
This also fixes this setting being disabled by default. It is now enabled by default as intended.
Known issue: Manually disabling this setting will cause the same issue to occur. 
Fixed Prime Laser Rifle having a wide spread on its first volley after moving.
This was due to a bug with its AI, which lent to the wildly inaccurate aiming when targeting enemies.
Fixed Kubrow fur disappearing if they didn't have armor equipped. 
Fixed Nidus' Mutation Stack gauge showing that a stack has been gained at the halfway mark (UI-only issue, stacks were still being gained correctly). 
Fixed Keratinos missing a HUD buff icon when its Unique Trait is triggered. 
Fixed the Elusive Posture mod preventing Beast Companions with the Scavenge mod from unlocking lockers when enemies are nearby. 
Fixed Arthur awkwardly pausing during the fade to black at the end of the Warframe: 1999 Demo. 
Fixed several Warframe & Operator/Drifter Skins having noticeable gaps in certain cloth areas (notably Valkyr's Carnivex jacket, Hydroid's Rakkam Helmet tail, Frost Harka's skirt, Revenant Mephisto's skirt, and so on). 
Fixed a soft lock that could occur if the "Skip Cinematic?" popup appeared during a loading screen. 
Fixed typo in Skana's Incarnon Evolution I description. 
Fixed PH tag in the "Offerings Given" mission stat for Saya's Visions. 
Fixed script error caused by Stalker Specter dying while casting Pull. 
Fixed script error caused by casting Wormhole when mounting K-Drive. 
Fixed script error caused by projectiles traveling through Nova's Wormhole. 
Fixed script error caused by Caliban's Conculysts using Fusion Strike. 
Fixed script error when quitting the game/logging out while the Star Char UI is on screen.
Fixed a crash in the Warframe: 1999 Demo.
For list of known issues for Koumei & the Five Fates that require future code changes and cannot be addressed in a Hotfix, visit our dedicated thread:

## Koumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.7
**Date:** 2024-10-16T15:01:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Khora
Harrow
Caliban

### Changes
Increased the max number of Koumei's Kumihimo threads from 24 to 30. 
We also fixed an issue where the number of threads was impacted by frame rate - playing at a low frame rate would spawn fewer threads than intended. 
Elemental Damage from "The Virtues" Blessing (Saya's Visions), Smoldering Strike Decree, and Synthel's Outburst Decree will now be added parallel to your weapon's Elemental Damage, instead of creating Combined Elemental Damage types. 
Previously, if your weapon had (for example) Cold Damage and the Smoldering Strike Decree was active (Melee attacks are imbued with Heat Damage), the damages would combine and change to Blast.
For those with specific kinds of Arcanes and other conditional Elemental Damage triggers, this was not always desirable as it could impact build synergies.
So we've changed them to no longer combine and instead live independently from each other.
We may apply this change elsewhere in the future where applicable. 
Note: Damage values have not been impacted with this change! 
Changed the Junction UI to make it clearer if you had not completed a Junction task. 
The checkmarks in their previous state caused confusion with players, making it appear as if they had completed a task when they in fact had not.
Changed Caliban's Sentient Wrath ability description to replace "lifted" with "raised" (since "Lifted" is a specific Status Effect).

### Fixes
Ride the devil down as Arthur Nightingale in the Warframe: 1999 Demo, available to play now from your Orbiter! Rocket through the streets of Höllvania on the Atomicycle and take on the militant Scaldra faction in a special Exterminate Mission.
Share your 1999 Demo Feedback & Bug Reports in the dedicated subforums
thank you, Tenno!
Fixed Loyal Retriever and Resourceful Retriever not working while playing as Operator.
Fixed Pharaoh and Medjay Claws having the wrong Status Chance stats:
Pharaoh Claws: Increased from 5% to 25% 
Medjay Claws: Increased from 5% to 20%
Fixed Pharaoh Claws not having the correct Damage Types (was using Slash instead of Puncture and Gas). 
Fixed Sahasa Kubrow's not digging while enemies are around when they have the Elusive Posture mod equipped. 
Fixed Okina's Incarnon Form duration being 90 seconds instead of 180 seconds. 
Made more fixes towards several matchmaking issues that prevented players from joining sessions, inviting players, Trading, etc. 
We will continue to monitor potential related issues for future fixes. 
More fixes towards enemies not approaching the "Eliminate Enemies to Lower Security Level" zone in Netracell missions. 
Fixed Clients losing their Research Points associated with selected Loadout Parameters in Deep Archimedea missions after Host migration. 
Fixed Keratinos' Unique trait allowing Melee Slam Radius to stack indefinitely when Heavy Attacking. 
Fixed Mod remaining selected in the Mod Menu after ranking it up with Fusion if you own a duplicate. 
This was causing players to accidentally Dissolve, Sell, or Transmute their newly-ranked Mod since it stayed Selected even if they could no longer see it (depending on how their Mod Menu is sorted).
Fixed context action on downed Conservation animals prompting a Melee Finisher instead of collection after using Ivara's Sleep Arrow on them. 
This also fixes being unable to collect Velocipods because you could get stuck riding it after using context action. 
Fixed Scan Matter showing mining spots on the mini map after they've already been expended. 
Fixed the default for the "Trigger Release Threshold (Controller)" setting being -27 instead of 5 - this caused aggressive zooming in/out while aiming. 
Fixes towards Kubrow fur clipping through their Armor. 
Known issue: On your more fluffier pals this is still an issue for certain armors (Bruja, Harka, and Amphatz Kubrow Armor). 
Fixed using Transference in the Orbiter Captura Scene leading to loss of function. 
Fixed Warframe having negative Mod capacity after removing a Mod into the "Any" category in the Upgrade screen and then immediately adding Forma. 
Fixed shadow flickering issues on walls when SSAO Quality is set to high. 
Fixed Dera Vandal's Incarnon Evolution III perks using the wrong names for their buff descriptions (switched "Swift Deliverance" and "Extended Volley"). 
Fixed the Incarnon Evolution progress icon persisting in the Arsenal UI when swapping between Incarnon Weapons. 
Fixed an incorrect HUD buff icon popping up when using the Sicarus Prime Incarnon. 
Fixed transmissions in The New War quest having wonky borders in the UI. 
Fixed crash caused by Mecha Mods. 
Fixed a script error caused by Excalibur's Passive. 
Fixed a script error caused by Gyre's Coil Horizon.

## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.6
**Date:** 2024-10-11T16:09:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.5
**Date:** 2024-10-10T18:04:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.4
**Date:** 2024-10-10T15:02:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.3
**Date:** 2024-10-04T20:07:01Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.2
**Date:** 2024-10-03T21:40:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCKoumei & the Five Fates: Hotfix 37.0.1
**Date:** 2024-10-02T20:00:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCUpdate 37: Koumei & the Five Fates
**Date:** 2024-10-02T15:05:46Z | **Type:** Update
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.6 + 36.1.6.1
**Date:** 2024-09-05T15:59:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.5
**Date:** 2024-09-03T18:11:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.4
**Date:** 2024-08-28T20:05:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.3
**Date:** 2024-08-27T20:08:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.2
**Date:** 2024-08-22T15:11:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCThe Lotus Eaters: Hotfix 36.1.1
**Date:** 2024-08-21T18:06:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCUpdate 36.1.0: The Lotus Eaters
**Date:** 2024-08-21T15:05:12Z | **Type:** Update
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.8
**Date:** 2024-07-25T18:56:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.7
**Date:** 2024-07-22T17:19:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.6
**Date:** 2024-07-20T18:57:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.5
**Date:** 2024-07-20T14:07:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.4
**Date:** 2024-06-26T14:33:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.3
**Date:** 2024-06-20T20:50:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.2
**Date:** 2024-06-19T20:08:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCJade Shadows: Hotfix 36.0.1
**Date:** 2024-06-19T15:49:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCUpdate 36: Jade Shadows
**Date:** 2024-06-18T15:19:13Z | **Type:** Update
## PCNora's Mix Vol. 6: Hotfix 35.6.1
**Date:** 2024-05-16T14:56:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Nightwave: Nora's Mix Vol.6: Update 35.6
**Date:** 2024-05-15T17:44:41Z | **Type:** Update
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.11
**Date:** 2024-05-07T18:27:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.10
**Date:** 2024-05-01T17:23:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Protea Prime: Hotfix 35.5.9
**Date:** 2024-05-01T14:59:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.8
**Date:** 2024-04-24T18:31:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.7
**Date:** 2024-04-17T20:00:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.6
**Date:** 2024-04-10T19:05:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.5
**Date:** 2024-04-05T20:14:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.4
**Date:** 2024-04-05T17:58:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Deep Archimedea: Hotfix 35.5.3
**Date:** 2024-04-04T18:02:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.2
**Date:** 2024-03-28T21:25:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Dante Unbound: Hotfix 35.5.1
**Date:** 2024-03-27T22:01:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCPC Update 35.5: Dante Unbound
**Date:** 2024-03-27T15:01:34Z | **Type:** Update
## PCWhispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.1.2
**Date:** 2024-02-28T19:48:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.1.1
**Date:** 2024-02-21T21:18:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.1.1:
We've got a small Hotfix for you today so that we can address our top fix listed below as soon as possible.
Fixed not receiving rewards after completing the first rotation of an Alchemy mission, as reported here.
Founders items can now be accessed on platforms other than PC from Cross Platform accounts. 
We want to thank our Founders for their continued support from the start and are honored to have them here with us to enjoy Cross Platform Play and Save almost 11 years later! We greatly appreciate our day 1 supporters and thoroughly enjoy seeing them continue to sport their Founders gear. If you still can't access your Founders items from your Cross Platform accounts after this Hotfix, please submit a ticket to support.warframe.com.
Note: The Excalibur Prime Dark and Bright Glyphs are not accessible at the moment, but we will have a follow up fix to ensure they are in the near future!
Fixed the PlayStation-exclusive Obsidian Syandana being visible and equippable from the Drifter Clothing menu on other Platforms via Cross Platform Save. 
To learn more about Cross Platform Save exclusions (including platform-exclusive items such as the Obsidian Syandana), visit the Cross Platform Save information post.
Fixed players who linked their iOS account for Cross Platform Save not receiving the iOS Pre-Order / Day 1 Rewards (Bombyx Syandana and 3-Day Affinity Booster) in their Cross Platform Save accounts.
For affected accounts, an inbox message containing the rewards will be delivered after downloading this Hotfix and logging in.
Lowered the Akbolto's Mastery Rank requirement from 9 to 8. 
The Akbolto is a manufacturing requirement for the Akjagara, which is a Mastery Rank 8 weapon, so we reduced it so that players can craft the Akjagara without having to reach Mastery Rank 9.

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when traveling between a town and Open Landscape.

## PCWhispers in the Walls: Update 35.1.0
**Date:** 2024-02-20T16:29:05Z | **Type:** Update
## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.11
**Date:** 2024-01-24T15:35:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.11:
Hello Tenno! This hotfix predominantly contains behind-the-scenes changes in preparation for today's launch of the 2024 Lunar New Year celebration items for the Year of the Dragon 🐉

### Fixes
Fixed a script error in the Clan/Alliance Message of the Day that would cause chat to break for players who interacted with it. 
Fixed the UI in the Shiny Treasures Offerings in the Sanctum Anatomica not indicating if a Decoration is "owned" and how many the player has in their inventory.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.10
**Date:** 2024-01-18T19:30:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Continued updates to the sounds in the Awakening Quest's Warframe select screen.

### Fixes
Fixed case where a merged account could be a member in two different Clans. 
This was caused by merging a Console account in a Clan with a PC account that has a pending Clan request that was accepted after the merging. Affected accounts have been returned to the Clan they were in on their Console account prior to the merge.
Fixed Clients experiencing performance issues when using the Astral Bond Mod on their Sentinel. 
Fixed Sentinel customizations purchased from the Arsenal not equipping onto the Sentinel and causing the customization UI to disappear from the screen. 
Fixed disabling the Depth of Field option in Captura for the first time not doing anything. 
Fixed the amount of Aya owned not updating in the Syndicate "Next Title" popup after using it for Rank 4/5 Pledge Sacrifices.
Fixed Gauss' battery gauge overlapping the combo counter UI if higher than 2x. 
Fixed the Zenurik Badge being comically big and positioned above Gauss Prime's head.
Fixed several offset issues with Emblems (when Gauss Prime has a skin equipped), the Prisma Latron Armour Set, and the base Protovyre Chest and Leg Armor on Gauss Prime. 
Fixed the Coildrives in the Orb Vallis having erratic pathing, often leading them to drive into walls and drift from side to side. So basically, what you see on the road during Canadian winters.
Fixed the "owned" status for non-Platinum packs (ie. Prime Access, Supporter Packs, etc.) in the in-game Market not appearing for players who are purchasing for the first time.
Fixed artifacting issues caused by lens flares. 
Fixed potential script error from Alliance/Clan's having special characters in their Message Of The Day. 
Fixed script error in the End of Mission screen. 
Fixed script error in Teshin's Cave when the game is selecting a Mod Config for your Warframe's Exalted Weapon.

## Whispers in the Walls: Gauss Prime: Hotfix 35.0.9
**Date:** 2024-01-17T16:00:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Gauss Prime: Hotfix 35.0.9:
Leave your enemies in the dust with Gauss Prime, now entering Prime Access!
*This round of Prime Accessories features bonus items of the Blazargaze Prime Alt Helmet, Gauss Prime Noggle, and Gauss Prime Floof! These items are limited to the Prime Accessories Pack (including the Complete Pack) but will be offered in his future Prime Resurgence rotation.
Now that Gauss Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Garuda Prime
Nagantaka Prime
Corvas Prime
Rank 4 = 2 Aya
Rank 5 = 3 Aya
This change reduces the amount of time spent acquiring and crafting specific Prime parts to rank up in a Syndicate, and offers players additional uses for their Aya. Since Aya drops from many sources, reaching those higher ranks is now much more accessible as it is no longer wholly tied to Relic RNG.
Removed the ability for enemies to deal critical hits to players, Defense targets, Extractors, Rescue targets, and all other friendly targets. 
In most cases, enemies equipped with "player" weapons (Grineer Ballista using the Vulkar for example) could land critical hits due to those weapons using the same crit setup as their player counterpart. With a lack of feedback to inform players as to why or how sudden damage spikes were occurring, these enemies could easily jeopardize a mission. Additionally, while it makes sense to reward players for landing critical headshots, whether an enemy hits a head or not is outside of player control
which ultimately made countering it near impossible. So, in an effort to provide more consistent and predictable damage output from enemies, we have removed their ability to deal critical hits.
Changed the Nightwave "Episode Status" button to "Nightwave Status" in the Navigation menu.
This button appears when players have toggled on to Resource Drones view in their Navigation. 
Made updates to the sounds in the Awakening Quest's Warframe select screen and cinematics. 
(Hot-dropped on Monday) Re-enabled the ability to decrease your Clan Rank. 
As explained in the PSA, this temporary measure was taken during Operation: Gargoyle's Cry to address a bug that prevented Clans from being able to progress in the Operation after decreasing their Rank. Since the Operation concluded on Monday, you can now decrease.
Fixed the map search radius for Necramite Drones not appearing in Netracell missions (including the Whispers in the Walls Quest stage). 
Fixed the "kill enemies to lower security level" radius marker in Netracell missions spawning very far from the Security Matrix. 
Fixed heat vents in Alchemy missions spawning very far from players. 
Fixed Mocking Whispers becoming indefinitely invulnerable after using its Exalted Bladestorm attack and hitting a Revenant player that has Mesmer Skin active. 
Fixed being unable to do the quick time event at the end of the Whispers in the Walls Quest if Melee Attack is bound to scrolling the mouse wheel up/down. 
In order to fix this issue and potential others, you can now tap during these events even if the "Repeated Button Presses" option is set to "Hold" (for both the Keyboard/Mouse and Controller settings). 
Fixed Murmur Sarcophages becoming unbreakable after Host Migration. 
Fixed Bounty objectives appearing in Netracell missions after starting a Netracell from the Sanctum Anatomica while the Bounty vote is active. 
Fixed Clients not hearing the alarm during the "kill enemies to lower security level" stage of the Netracell mission. 
Fixed the sound FX for the doors in the Sanctum Anatomica and a vent wall in the Labs being out of sync with their animations. 
Tweaked the Vitreum seeking alarm sound FX duration in the Assassination, Effervo mission to match the pulsing VFX. 
Improved the balance between sounds that occur when opening the Netracell. 
Fixed certain Vitriol Phials having mesh scaling issues with their puddles. 
Fixed the Operator's head doing a 180 twist while placing an Atropos Prove into a Vitreum in the Assassination, Effervo mission.

### Fixes
Fixed a primary account being automatically selected for you if either of the accounts being linked had been created after the merge cutoff date (November 24 at 2 p.m. ET). 
Now in the case where both accounts were created after the cutoff, you can now choose either as the primary during the linking process. This only applies to first time linking (as has been the case since launch)
once the PC account has had other accounts linked in, that PC account is set as the primary. 
(Hot-dropped on Monday) More fixes towards various issues (ex: being unable to equip/unequip Kubrow) occurring when merging accounts that both have Kubrows in various states (incubating, incubated, etc.). To prevent further issues, newly merged accounts automatically put 1 of the 2 Kubrows into Stasis.
Fixed the synergy between Sevagoth's Reap and Sow abilities (enemies explode when hit by Reap while seeded with Sow) not working for Clients. 
Fixed the Dreamer's Wraith mod only increasing Heavy Attack Critical damage by 20% instead of the intended 32% (at max rank). 
Fixed the following issues with Secondary Outburst when used by Clients: 
Fixed Clients' Combo Multipliers not being consumed when switching to Secondary. 
Fixed Clients' Secondary dealing less than the intended damage while Secondary Outburst's buffs are active. 
Fixed an additional +25% (+37% for Tauforged) applying on top of the Violet Archon Shard's "Gain +25%/+37% Melee Critical Damage. When max Energy is over 500, the damage boost doubles" embed bonus. 
This bug caused the bonus to exceed well beyond its intended and described values.
To break it down, when below 500 Energy the Shard granted +50%/ +74% and when above 500 it granted +75%/+111% (resulted from +25%/+37% applying on top of the intended +50%/+74%).
As far as we can tell, this bug has been live since the release of the Violet Archon Shard in the Whispers in the Walls update, so we understand if this fix is disappointing for those who have been using it in this state since then.
But in the interest of properly executing the intended bonuses as outlined in the UI, we have restored it to its original design. 
Fixed Wukong's Clone being inactive at the start of the first and second phase of the Archon Hunt fight. 
Fixed cases where Exalted Weapons could be unmodded in Duviri.
Exalted Weapons use the Mods in the Config you select for your Warframe in Teshin's Cave, but in the case where a Config didn't have Mods equipped onto the Exalted Weapon, there was no fallback system to ensure you didn't go into Duviri with it unmodded.
Now, if a Warframe Mod Config is selected that doesn't have any Mods equipped for the Exalted Weapon, the game will choose the Exalted Mod Config that uses the most Mod Capacity (as is the case with other equipment in Teshin's Cave) to prevent players from going into Duviri with a bare bones Exalted Weapon. 
Fixed the introductory cinematic in the Heart of Deimos Quest not playing for players on low spec machines, causing them to be unable to progress in the Quest. 
Fixed level 6 Terra Sniper Crewmans being able to one-shot Corpus Drones in Fortuna Bounties. 
They were capable of doing over 1000 damage per shot, so we modified their Snipers while they weren't looking to be more appropriate for those lower level Bounties. 
Fixed the "Auxiliary" tab appearing in the Arsenal even if the Warframe does not have any Auxiliary customizations available. 
Fixed bundle items disappearing from the Bundle's in-game Market page after hitting the "Cancel" button from the "Confirm Purchase" options. 
Fixed Nyx's Chaos Sphere ring VFX appearing as a very thin line. 
Fixed the Skaut's "Kahl Beacon" Air Support missing its name and description in the HUD.
Fixed Daughter and Son using their unranked Entrati Syndicate voice lines at Rank 5.
Fixed a rare issue that could allow a Dojo Room's construction to be canceled when it had already finished. 
Fixed hitch occurring when selecting a placed Grimoire Altar Decoration while in decorating mode. 
(Missed note from Hotfix 35.0.7) Fixed the Grimoire Altar Decoration missing a panel on the bottom.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.8
**Date:** 2024-01-11T16:48:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.8:
Hello Tenno, today's Hotfix includes more behind the scenes changes as well as the handful of fixes below
see you tonight at twitch.tv/warframe for our first Prime Time of 2024!

### Fixes
Fixed Sevagoth's Glaukus Skin missing its custom deluxe Tombstone. 
Fixed Tenacious Bond's Final Critical Damage Multiplier not functioning. 
While the UI indicated that it was active, it was not actually triggering and applying to the player. It will now!
Fixed a script error after dismissing the "Not Enough Platinum" pop-up. 
Fixed a script error caused by Melee Duplicate. 
Fixed a script error caused by Necramech summon terminals. 
Fixed a rare crash caused by a player leaving (notably during Duviri sessions). 
Fixed a crash possibly caused by a combination of Mirage and certain upgrades.
Missed Notes:
Fixed the Helminth Perspicacity ability not being consumed after it successfully hacks a terminal in Albrecht's Laboratories.
Fixed rare issue where changing the spawn point in your Dojo from a room console would also move placed Decorations and Transporters.
If you encountered this issue before today's hotfix, you can submit a ticket to support.warframe.com.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.7
**Date:** 2024-01-09T18:59:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.7:
Changed the Violet Archon Shard embed bonus affecting Health/Energy pickups to function similarly to the Equilibrium Mod. Now, Health/Energy Orbs can be picked up if one is full, but the other is not to apply the bonus. 
Changed the "Regenerate Shields when you inflict an enemy with Blast Status" Topaz Archon Shard embed bonus to no longer apply when Shield Gate is triggered. 
An unintended degree of invulnerability could be obtained using this effect while continuously triggering Shield Gate, so it was changed to function similarly to Caliban's Lethal Progeny ability, where the Shield recharge is disabled when Shield Gate is triggered and only resumes when the Shields begin to regenerate themselves. 
Changed the required amount of players needed to start the Effervo boss fight from all squad members to half. This addresses feedback that the boss fight could take a long time to start (and potentially result in Host migrations) if players were off collecting Voca, resources, etc, instead of moving to the boss zone. Players outside of the zone will now be teleported into the arena once activated. 
Changed Pangolin Prime's Slam attack to match its base version:
Now applies a forced Slash Status Effect. 
Changed damage type from Impact to Puncture. 
Replaced the "Skip" button in the Circuit reward screen with a "Continue" option if multiple rewards are available. This aims to help prevent players from skipping them all, and instead, will now show the next reward. 
Arcanes offerings from Vendors are now displayed as unranked. 
Hovering over the Arcane will now display both its unranked and max rank stats. This is to help avoid players thinking they are buying a fully ranked Arcane.
Added a Default Mod Config for the Grimoire in Teshin's Cave options. 
Mandonel's orb will now spin faster during reload for some added flare!
Removed mention of Syndicate Sigils in the "Loyalty" Nightwave Act's tip description, as they are no longer required with the Pledge system to gain Standing.
Improved spawn rates of The Anatomizer and The Severed Warden enemies in Alchemy Bounties. Particularly to address the issue of being unable to complete the "Kill X Flying Enemies" Bounty Challenge. 
Fixed individual Focus School Eidolon Lens Blueprints being rewarded in Rotation C of the Survival, Persto mission instead of the intended Eidolon Lens Blueprint. 
Each individual Lens Blueprint had a drop rate of 10% for each type, so we have adjusted the drop tables to compensate for this change by increasing the drop rate for the Eidolon Lens Blueprint and the Mandonel Barrel and Receiver. More details in the public drop tables. 
Fixed cases where Rogue Voidrigs would not spawn/be marked on the map.
With this fix, the "Kill 2 Rogue Voidrigs" Bounty Challenge has been re-enabled! It was disabled in Hotfix #2, as the above issue was preventing Bounties from being completed.
Fixed case where Rogue Voidrigs would suddenly teleport to a different location after being spawned by a Rogue Culverin. 
Fixed Rogue Culverins' animations popping while spawning a Rogue Voidrig. 
Fixed the map search radius for Necramite Drones not appearing in Netracell missions (including the Whispers in the Walls Quest stage). 
The fix for this did not make it to the live build as originally thought! Apologies for the confusion
we are still investigating. 
Fixed reward containers in the Netracells having different Codex entries. 
Fixed breaking a Murmur Sarcophages counting as more than one towards the "Find X Murmur Sarcophages" Bounty challenge. 
Fixed hitches occurring after hacking a Necramech summon terminal. 
Fixed the maximum number of Vitreums that can be activated simultaneously in the Assassination, Effervo mission not scaling based on Squad size. 
Fixed damage type icons appearing next to the "Vitreum Seeking" UI in the Assassination, Effervo mission instead of "A, B, C..." to indicate which Vitreum is active and where. 
Fixed Murmur Eyes not despawning after its timer has run out in the Assassination, Effervo mission. 
Improved the accuracy of the direction in which broken furniture pieces will fly out when destroyed. We're collectively keeping the Necramites employed with all this senseless furniture demolition. 
Fixed certain character color customizations (if you know you know) not appearing in their transmissions. 
Fixed loss of UI functionality in the certain character color customizations screen after saving. 
Fixed the Cavia rank up dioramas being obfuscated by Vendor UI if you interacted with them before it appeared. 
Fixed opening Operator Equipment in the Sanctum Anatomica in the "Back to the Future" stage of the Whispers in the Walls Quest causing functionality loss. 
Fixed minimap waypoint for the Grimoire page not disappearing after collecting it in the "Lost and Found" stage of Whispers in the Walls Quest. Also fixed the Lotus "mission complete" transmission playing on extraction.

### Fixes
Fixed rare instances where selecting an account that has not completed Vor's Prize as your primary during the merging process would cause progression issues for the merged account.
Fixed rare case where merged PC and Console accounts that were in the same Clan would no longer be a member of it in the merged account.
If you have experienced this and would like assistance returning to your Clan, you can submit a ticket to support.warframe.com. 
Fixed rare case where TennoGen purchases made via the Steam Workshop would be incorrectly locked to a player's Console account instead of their PC account (as intended) if the player was logged in on Console at the time of purchase.
We are working on a script to correct this for affected players. 
Fixed Companion Incubation not progressing after merging two accounts that both had a Companion active. Moving forward, new merges will automatically move those Companions into Stasis to avoid this issue. 
If you have experienced this issue and need assistance in regaining access to those Companions, you can submit a ticket to support.warframe.com.
Fixes towards DirectX 12 AMD graphics card crashes. 
DirectX 12 was disabled in Hotfix 35.0.4 as a temporary solution while we worked on a fix (PSA here). We have re-enabled DirectX 12 for AMD Graphics Cards in this Hotfix now that we have made some progress
but we encourage you to continue to share your findings here if the issues persist. 
Fixed Topaz Archon Shard embed bonuses not triggering from enemies that were killed by the required conditions. 
For example, if you killed an enemy with Electricity Damage, it would not trigger the embed bonus of gaining Ability Damage on enemies affected by Electricity Status. With this fix, if the killing blow was going to apply the required condition, it will count towards the embed bonus. 
Fixed the "Regenerate Shields when you inflict an enemy with Blast Status" Topaz Archon Shard embed bonus removing Overshields when triggered. 
Fixed a Wares option appearing at Mother when interacting with her immediately after arriving into the Necralisk. 
Fixed being unable to complete the Enigma in Kullervo's Hold due to the final target door not opening. 
Fixed the Ammo Pool for Primary Weapons increasing beyond its max intended amount after transforming the Angstrum to its Incarnon Form and picking up ammo while Primary is out.
Fixed Wisp's Animation Sets missing a custom animation while running with the Grimoire. The floor is always lava challenge is officially back on!
Fixed Clients not seeing some of Mandonel's animations. 
Fixed dual wielding with the Cirriped Epitaph Skin equipped causing the Epitaph to have offset issues. 
Fixed player Voidrig's arm not moving when aiming down sights while standing still. 
Fixed Grimoire's projectile explosion sound FX at times cutting off. 
Fixed projectile explosion sound FX missing for the Morgha and Kuva Ayanga ground Archguns. 
Fixed flat lighting issues in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed the "Last Words" Ground Finisher missing a Blast Damage icon in the High Noon and Bullet Dance Stance Mod screen. 
Fixed the Stahlta Shock Rifle Skin missing controller vibration support. 
Fixed icon missing in the HUD for Burston Incarnon's "Fortress Salvo" buff.
Fixed incorrect icons being used in the HUD for the Zylok and Kunai Incarnon evolution buffs.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.6
**Date:** 2023-12-22T16:57:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.6:

### Fixes
Fixed the inability to Merge your Console account if you had to make a new PC Account after the November 24th cut-off date in order to Merge.
If you encountered the issue and did not link the accounts, the website should now say the accounts will be merged
If you encountered the issue and did link the accounts, please contact support
Fixed some Merged accounts not getting various Quest inboxes which resulted in an inability to start the Quests.
Fixed Helminth abilities from the merged account being unlocked on the Primary Account. Helminth abilities are determined by the chosen Primary Account.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.5
**Date:** 2023-12-21T17:11:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.5:

### Fixes
Fixed Topaz Archon Shard traits applying the buffs every 5 kills instead of every kill where described.
Fixed the Shield regen buff provided by a Topaz Archon Shard not functioning. 
You will not get the Shield regen buff when a Blast damage is applied.
Fixed the Secondary Critical Chance buff provided by the Topaz Archon Shard not functioning.
Fixed various Abilities not respecting Boss immunity status on all Octopede bosses.
Octopede bosses are now more in line with other enemy bosses. 
Fixed a crash related to Rogue Culverins using Necramech consoles.
Fixed a crash related to The Severed Warden.
Fixed another case where you could place multiple Vigil Jahu Gargoyles in the Dojo.
Additionally, we've added an error message when you attempt to duplicate the Decoration. 
Fixed the World State Window in your Orbiter displaying 0% below your actual progress % for Operation: Gargoyle's Cry.
Hotfix #4 had a partial fix for this, it should be working properly now. 
Fixed incorrect throwing animation during the Alchemy mission if you re-joined the squad due to a Host Migration.

## Whispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.4
**Date:** 2023-12-20T20:20:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Whispers In The Walls: Hotfix 35.0.4:
You can now access the Operation Store via Vigile Jahu Gargoyles in other players' clans! 
Note: You cannot contribute to their Curse progress, but you'll be able to purchase wares with Grotesque Splinters. 
Increased reward sorting importance for Curses and Grotesque Splinters so they now appear near the top of the list in the Mission Progress screen. 
The Fragmented Trio (Anchorite/Suzerain/Zelator) will now search out cloaked opponents if they sense a hiding enemy nearby, instead of just giving up.
Now, these enemies will use their area-of-effect attacks to find you if they sense you're hidden nearby!
Adjusted the Fragmented Trio's beam attack to better match its effects.
Adjusted secret boss's Cascading Fragmentation ability to deal more damage and scale more aggressively, but be triggered later in the fight.
Fixed secret boss not dropping Stela. 
Fixes towards killing the Void Angel not registering in Effervo, preventing players from completing the mission.
Fixed Titania still being able to float if Razorwing was disabled in secret boss fight. 
Fixed Steel Path Effervo Assassinate enemy level calculation to be more consistent. 
Fixed Gargoyle's Cry not appearing at the top of the Operation tab in the Star Chart.
Fixed various crashes related to host migrations on Effervo (Deimos).
Fixed a script error related to Operation: Gargoyle's Cry.
Fixed the ability to place multiple Vigile Jahu Gargoyles in Clan Dojos.
These decorations have 0 capacity cost so as to not restrict Clans from placing them -
as a result, they are limited to 1 per Dojo with performance concerns (and your tolerance for a certain Cavia member's sass) in mind. 
Fixed Operation rewards being affected by boosters if picked up in a specific way.
Fixed the World State Window in your Orbiter displaying 0% progress for the Operation. Also fixed goal progress being shown here if you did not complete Whispers in the Walls.
Made various small server optimizations.

### Fixes
Fixes towards Heavy Attacking while using Transference causing players to be stuck in an endless Void Blast loop as Operator/Drifter.
We cannot guarantee this is a perfect fix, but after testing we hope that this issue should be less prevalent at the very least!
Fixed Murmur Spawners leaving behind an incredibly bright light in Albrecht's Laboratories missions.
Fixed additional cases of Whispers in the Walls Quest completion inboxes not being received by players. 
Those who were still missing Quest rewards should see the messages in your inbox upon login!
Fixed The Severed Warden not counting towards "Kill x Flying Murmur Enemies" Cavia bounty challenges.
Fixed The Murmur Assassination (Effervo) and Alchemy (Cambire) missions on Deimos not having session lock checkpoints. Now players will not be able to join your squad once the following objectives are complete in your missions:
After the first Vitreum scanner is deployed on Effervo
After the first Crucible is filled on Cambire. 
Fixed enemy levels not increasing over time in Steel Path Alchemy missions.
Fixed failing a Netracell mission counting towards the weekly limit if the player aborted or failed the mission after the Vault was opened.
Fixed Topaz Archon Shard Secondary Crit buff not functioning as intended. Also fixed the Tauforged variant being capped at 50% instead of the 75%.
Fixed Topaz Archon Shard bonuses being capped at the value of 1 Shard regardless if multiple Shards were embedded. 
Now if you have 5 Topaz Shards embedded, your Secondary Crit Chance would be capped at 250% instead of only 50% before, as an example.
Fixed Melee Influence spreading status effects applied to invulnerable enemies. 
Fixed Melee Influence being able to trigger Exodia Force.
Fixed Critical Mutation Catabolyst Augment incorrectly applying its Critical Chance and Critical Damage buffs, leading to significantly higher than intended damage output. 
Fixed Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm throwing Murmur enemies into the air instead of grabbing them. 
Fixed Nautilus' Cordon Precept affecting enemies that should be immune to crowd control effects. 
Fixed Yareli not automatically dropping off Defixio in the Extraction zone when she is riding Merulina in Abyssal Zone missions. 
Fixed Steel Path Effervo Assassinate enemy level calculation to be more consistent. 
Fixed Voruna's Shroud of Dynar not being extended with melee kills.
Fixed Aerodynamic's Wall Latch duration stat not properly scaling with Mod Rank in the Arsenal or Mod Menu. 
This was a UI only bug and had no impact in-mission.
Fixed players not retaining rewards or Affinity from Stage 1 of the Whispers in the Walls Quest. 
The End of Mission screen will not appear upon extraction as a stylistic decision, but you should actually keep all that you've earned now!
Fixed Mocking/Scathing Whispers becoming invulnerable if affected by Cold procs during certain points of the fight. 
Fixed Loid having a nose ring in a cutscene in the Whispers in the Walls Quest.
Fixed a crash related to the Cataboylst Critical Mutation Augment. 
Fixed a wall clipping into the map on an Albrecht's Laboratories tile. 
Fixed Tennokai attacks sometimes occurring in the wrong order if multiple Heavy Attacks are done in a row. 
Fixed Loid missing collision in Stage 9 of Whispers in the Walls Quest.
Fixed animation warping for Rogue Culverins when interacting with consoles.
Fixed using the wrong throwing animation upon rejoining an Alchemy mission. 
Fixes towards new inbox message notification popping up while in Quest Complete screens. You'll still get those notifications when you leave the screen, now they won't ruin the moment. 
Fixed Vitreum scanner dispensers still rotating towards players when they are inactive. 
Fixed enemies on Tyana Pass spawning in front of players. 
Fixed only receiving the first round Mirror Defense rotation rewards when playing a bounty on Munio (Deimos).
Fixed Saryn's Molt, Titania's Razorwings, and Loki's Decoy spawning Alchemy amphors on death. 
Fixed being unable to extract in Survival Bounties on Persto (Deimos) if Life Support runs out. 
Fixed Stalker being able to drop multiple items in Munio Mirror Defense.
Check out our Known Issues thread!

## PCWhispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.3
**Date:** 2023-12-18T18:46:44Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCWhispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.2
**Date:** 2023-12-14T22:29:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCWhispers in the Walls: Hotfix 35.0.1
**Date:** 2023-12-13T22:26:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## PCUpdate 35: Whispers in the Walls
**Date:** 2023-12-13T16:11:57Z | **Type:** Update
## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.8 + 34.0.8.1
**Date:** 2023-11-09T19:32:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.8:
Updated the Eidolon Phylaxis and Infested Catalyst descriptions to inform players on where they can be acquired when Chatlinked. 
Eidolon Phylaxis: Nakak's Operational Supply in Cetus
Infested Catalyst: Bio Lab in Clan Dojo
Fixed Infested not spawning in Stage 4 of Plague Star Bounties following a host migration. 
Fixed cases of slow Infested spawns around the Boil in Stage 4 of Plague Star due to enemies elsewhere on the Plains contributing to the spawn cap. 
Improved Drone pathing during Stage 3 of Plague Star, hopefully reducing cases of the Drone becoming stuck. 
Improved waypoint pathing inside a Plains of Eidolon cave. 
Fixed the Plague Star Drone being unable to move in certain cases when going through Nova's Wormhole, resulting in players being unable to progress the Bounty. 
Fixed players who have not unlocked The Steel Path being able to play The Steel Path Plague Star Bounty if an eligible squadmate selects it. 
Fixed Grineer enemies sometimes just standing around during Stage 2 of Plague Star bounties.
Slightly increased the hold time needed to cycle Voruna's passives to help prevent activating/deactivating a passive by accident. 
Reduced the damage dealt to players by explosive barrels triggered by enemies. 
Barrels were applying 100% of their damage onto players instead of the intended 30%. This also fixes an issue where Kahl could get one shot if an enemy exploded a barrel next to him. 
Duplex Bond Clones now inherit your Companion's Energy color. 
Updated the "Animator" Nightwave Act's descriptions: 
General: "Look for Ayatan Treasures for Maroo in Maroo's Bazaar." 
The previous description did not specify that the player needs to hunt for the treasure as well as turn it in at Maroo. 
How To: "Visit Maroo in Maroo's Bazaar on Mars. Ask her about Ayatan Treasures and she will send you on a mission to retrieve one. You can socket Ayatan Stars into Sculptures by clicking the Ayatan Treasures button in the Mods workbench. Stars are uncommon items found in containers, while Sculptures are hidden items to search out during missions."
The previous description was still using the pre-Abyss of Dagath "Fully socket 3 Ayatan Sculptures" version. 
Slightly reduced the VFX of Aerial Bond's cold field.
Improved Duviri "Hidden Chest" objective flow to address various issues caused by Host Migrations, objective abandonment, Host / Client desync, and more. While players may not see any gameplay changes on their end, our goal with this update is to remove cases where the Chest was unable to be opened.

### Fixes
Fixed Clans who had raised/lowered their Clan tier before Hotfix 34.0.7 having tech research costs in the negative. For players who were unable to craft the Infested Catalyst Blueprint for Plague Star due to this bug, you should now be able to contribute the tier-appropriate amount! 
Resources and Credits that were contributed to research while it was in the negative have been refunded into the Clan Vault! Note that only Clans who were still in the negative prior to this hotfix will receive the refund. For Clans who contributed back up to positive values prior to the hotfix, you can submit a ticket to support.warframe.com (be sure to use the Clan/Dojo category). 
Fixed being unable to accept Cross Platform players into your Clan if the requesting player had not signed in since the launch of Cross Platform Clans. 
Fixed Hydroid's tentacles (at its max amount of 20) not seeking out new enemies to grab after killing enemies already in their grasp. 
Fixed loss of function when hovering over a Clan's advertisement at the same time your request to join them has been accepted.
Fixed a Hidden Chest spawning inside of the room that only unlocks after completing the Enigma at Kullervo's Hold.
Fixed the Operator/Drifter swap button appearing in the Dormizone mirror Arsenal. 
Fixed Tenacious Bond's buff icon not appearing for Clients if it was equipped onto Companion before Crit Mods. 
Fixed the "Survival" Nightwave Act's "How To" description stating 30 minutes need to be completed in a Survival mission instead of the intended 20. 
Fixed certain Prex Cards having low resolution. 
Fixed the Paracesis' "Rank Bonuses" on-hover UI element overlapping with its stats in the Upgrade screen. 
Fixed the "Skip All" button for the Waverider Comic Pages not being localized. 
Fixed a texture gap in Dagath's Hollow Dojo room. 
Fixed a script error in Contagious Bond that would cause the mod to cease function. 
Fixed a script error occurring when sorting inventories that have a large amount of items. 
Fixed Warframes missing their heads in the Conclave pre-game lobby when more than 2 people join. 
Fixed Rhino's mustache placement being too far inside his helmet. 
Fixed being able to benefit from Nekros' Shield of Shadows Augment when using Shadow Punch as a Helminth ability. 
Fixed the tail attachment on the Loid Sentinel Skin unintentionally spinning. 
Fixed a script error caused by Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm. 
Fixed Arcane Awakening and Arcane Consequence buff description showing up as a file path.
Fixed an issue causing Clan and Alliance Emblem changes to be delayed after approval.
Fixed Plague Star Steel Path bounties not rewarding any Operational Supply Standing. Oops!

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.7
**Date:** 2023-11-02T15:02:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.7:
Contagious Bond: Enemies inflicted by damage over time Status Effects will now spread 50% of the tick damage when killed to other enemies. 
Prior to this change, damage over time procs would only tick 1 damage on enemies it spread to. Now, it'll apply 50% (at max rank) of the tick damage originating from the killed enemy. 
The following Companion Precept Mods now benefit from Manifold Bond: 
Diriga's Electro Pulse 
Djinn's Fatal Attraction 
The ability cooldown effect from Manifold Bond already applied to Fatal Attraction, but not its Status Effect application to Companion weapons, so now it properly and wholly benefits from the Mod. 
Djinn's Fatal Attraction will no longer cause affected enemies to focus fire solely on Djinn after they've been lured. 
Prior to this change, Djinn could get incapacitated very quickly after luring. Now enemies will return to their default targeting after being lured to help keep the little guy alive after doing his job. 
Fixed enemies killed by Contagious Bond's spread Status Effects not granting Affinity. 
Fixed damage dealt to enemies from Contagious Bond's spread Status Effects not registering for other Companion mod triggers (e.g. Energy Generator, Synth Deconstruct, etc.). 
Fixed performance issues caused by Dethcube (with Fired up, Firestorm, and Fire Rate and Multshots Mods) attacking enemies trapped in Zephyr's Tornado.
Fixed MOA Companions permanently dying if they were ragdolled a certain way. 
Fixed a script error with the Mecha Mod set.
Warframe idle audio will now be muted when in the Dojo Research menus.

### Fixes
Fixed Dagath's Rakhali's Cavalry stripping defenses from bosses with resistances to Warframe abilities (e.g. Eidolons and Profit-Taker). 
Fixed Clients receiving self-damage while shooting the Furis in Incarnon Form inside of a bullet attractor field (notably Xaku's Whisper). 
Fixed raising/lowering Clan tier not properly adjusts the Research costs of active research resulting in zero/negative values. As reported here:
Fixed getting a "Reconfiguration could not be completed. Your account has not been charged. Please try again later" error when quickly cycling a Riven back to back. 
Fixed the Energy numbers in the Railjack HUD and Tactical Map displaying incorrectly. 
Fixed Finisher and quick time event inputs not working with Steam Input. 
Fixed the "Incarnon Upgrade Available" Orbiter pop-up occurring when you already have all of the Incarnon's upgrades unlocked.

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.6
**Date:** 2023-10-30T19:04:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.6:
You can now sort your Friends list by "PLATFORM." 
Replaced an outdated Hydroid ability tip with a new one for Plunder: "Casting Plunder removes any Corrosive Status Effects currently affecting enemies, permanently reducing their maximum Armor based on the Corrosive Status removed."
Replaced one of Voruna's ability tips with a new one for Shroud of Dynar: "Shroud of Dynar's buff will only be extended if you earn a Melee kill within 3 seconds of exiting invisibility. Be precise and strike true."

### Fixes
Fixed Voruna's Shroud of Dynar invisibility breaking permanently after attacking with Ulfrun's Descent. 
With this fix, its intended function has been restored to break invisibility briefly during the lunge and then reapply. 
Fixed the damage multiplier HUD tracker for Voruna's Ulfrun's Descent not updating properly for Clients. 
Fixed getting staggered (as Client) by the shockwaves created by Companions with Seismic Bond equipped. 
Fixed enemies with Overguard being pulled by Magus Anomaly. 
Enemies with Overguard are immune to crowd control abilities/effects, and should not be affected by Magus Anomaly until after Overguard has been removed. 
Fixed Air Support Charges appearing in the Foundry during Vor's Prize. 
These should only appear in the Foundry once you are in possession of the Landing Craft Foundry Segment. 
Fixed Fired Up's description stating it was dealing 0% Heat Damage on weapon per hit at Rank 0, instead of the intended 0.8%. 
Fixed Friends list not updating after adding/removing/denying Friends if accessed from the notification bar while in Navigation. 
Fixed the "Rank Up!" pop-up occurring for each of the Sentinel clones created by Duplex Bond, even if your Sentinel's weapons were already Rank 30. 
Fixed the Waverider Comic zooming out and not being readable after hitting the "Select" button while using a controller.
Fixed script error in customized UI themes.

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.5
**Date:** 2023-10-26T20:05:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.5:
Cross Platforms Clans & Alliance Fixes:
Fixed the "Add Friend" and "Invite to Clan" options missing from the chat menu for Cross Platform players. 
Fixed being unable to add a Cross Platform player when entering their alias with their numeric suffix (e.g. VorsFanGirl#453). 
Note: The Alias # suffix is not required to send Cross Platform Friend requests. Entering an alias without the # will pull up a list to select from if that alias is on multiple platforms. 
Fixed being unable to place Decorations in empty Cross Platform Dojo Rooms that previously had decorations in it. 
Fixed several issues caused by attempting to and failing to remove Decorations in Cross Platform Dojos. 
Live since Tuesday with Hotdrop
Fixed being the "Enable Cross Platform Alliance" option not working. 
Fixed accepting Cross Platform Clan requests failing.

### Fixes
Fixed Dagath's Wyrd Scythes causing enemies that are crowd control immune to move in ultra slow-motion. Jackal (Circuit and Fossa Assasination) was noticeably affected by this as it slowed the fight down to a point where it could not be completed. 
Fixed Tenacious Bond not considering Hunter Synergy's Critical Chance-Link buff for determining if a Companion's Critical Chance is over the 50% Threshold.
Fixed the Combo increase from Tandem Bond ("Companion melee hits increase your Combo by 6") being affected by additional Melee Combo Chance sources (e.g. Quickening, Exodia Triumph, etc.). 
As noted in the Mod's description, Tandem Bond is intended to have a fixed Combo increase of 6 originating from your Companion's melee hits, not your own. 
Fixed Viral Quills quill launch ability not triggering Mystic Bond's "Companion uses Abilities with cooldowns 5 times" condition. 
Fixed the "Kill X Eximus with the weapon's Incarnon Form" challenge for the Laetum/Phenmor/Felarx resetting even after completion.
Fixed the map icon for Syndicate Agents in the Abyssal Zone mission disappearing when passing through certain areas of the tileset. 
Fixed being unable to see the glyph on Sands of Inaros vessel if your Visual Effects Intensity was set too low. 
Fixed being unable to exit the View Mission Progress screen with a controller while in The Index. 
Fixed the travel distance of Protea's roll being cut short while rolling in succession. 
Fixed the Magistar Incarnon's Crushing Verdict buff HUD icon appearing as a black square.
Fixed crash caused by chat linking an Unveiled Riven in chat. 
Fixed Host crashing if they initiated the Zariman elevator extraction but then were not in the elevator when the timer expired. Also fixed extraction timer starting immediately after Host migrated via the elevator and new Host spawned into it. 
The Host will now be teleported back into the elevator when the timer they initiated has expired. 
Fixed Rhino, Khora, Mirage, and Mesa Prime in the Conclave using their PVE stats. 
Fixed a script error in Grendel's Feast. 
Fixed extra hyphen appearing in the Ropalolyst Assasination end of mission screen.
Fixes towards a crash that could occur when applying changes to Kaithe in Dagath's Hollow.

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.4
**Date:** 2023-10-24T19:33:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.4:
You can now add Friends and Clan/Alliance members from other Platforms. For each, there are steps to take in order to enable these Cross Platform features:
Added sound effect for dropping off a Defixio at the Extraction point in the Abyssal Zone mission. 
Added sound effect when unveiling a Riven. 
Adjusted the audio mix for the Abyssal Zone mission. 
Ordis' Orbiter transmissions can now be enabled/disabled via the "Enable Hint Transmission" toggle in the Audio options. 
Muted all Warframe idle sounds from players out of sight to reduce audio congestion in hubs (Towns, Relays, etc.). 
Reduced the volume of Styanax' Rally Point and Final Stand Abilities to save your ears when casting them frequently. 
Fixed subtitle issues for some of Ordis' idle and Hombask's Zariman Mobile Defense transmissions.

### Fixes
Fixed the in-mission Resource Booster in endless Steel Path Void Fissure missions exceeding the max intended 2x when playing as Operator/Drifter. 
As announced in Hotfix 34.0.3, we disabled endless Steel Path Void Fissure missions as we worked on a fix. Now that it is live, we have re-enabled them to appear in the world state window! 
Related known issue: UI popup for Steel Essence may at times show the incorrect amount. 
Fixed Stock spawning behind an inaccessible area in the Veil Factory Break Narmer mission. 
Fixed the death animations of enemies killed by Dagath's Wyrd Scythes being extremely slow. 
Fixed Reinforced Bond's fire rate buff unintentionally applying to Melee attack speed. 
Fixed Reinforced Bond's fire rate buff remaining active in the Simulacrum after changing weapons in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Regen Mod drastically increasing the rate of fire of Helios' Deconstructor. 
Fixed Mystic Bond's chance at a free Warframe ability cast triggering every 5 seconds instead of the intended "after Companion uses abilities with cooldowns 5 times" when equipped with the Strain Mod on a Helminth Charger. 
Fixed the cloned Sentinels from Duplex Bond shooting at targets that are out of their line of sight. 
Fixed Duplex Bond triggering when launching/deactivating Archwing in Open Landscapes. 
Fixed Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm Kraken despawning before the ability has expired. A pirate needs his trusted companion to stick around to take care of these landlubbers!
Fixed Cyst on Voruna appearing on her head instead of her neck.
Fixed the buff icon for Tenacious Bond not disappearing when switching between Companions in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed the Nikana Elixis skin not using the correct materials for the blade.
Fixed The Circuit rewards selection list not being centered when switching between the Normal and Steel Path modes.
Fixed Arcanes acquired in mission not using the special pickup notification.
Fixed the Page 5 "Kill 5 enemies while mid-air/during a trick chain" challenge of the Waverider Quest being incorrect in German. 
Fixed a script error from waiting on "An updated version of Warframe is available" prompt for a very long time.
Fixed script errors resulting from Dagath's Wyrd Scythes losing their target.
Fixed a script error related to talking to Saya in the Saya's Vigil Quest.
Fixed a rare crash related to the Character Highlighting system. 
Fixed a script error in Grendel's Feast ability. 
Fixed a rare crash if network connection is lost during the Mask of the Revenant Quest.
Fixed a script error with Melee weapons in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed a script error from enemies being ragdolled by Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm.

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.3
**Date:** 2023-10-20T16:59:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Abyss Of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.3:
Official PSA Thread
Reduced frequency of Dagath's sound effects to help with spam fatigue.
Reduced screen shake effects when Dagath's passive is triggered. 
Reduced the frequency of Ordis' new transmission playing when entering the Helminth room in your Orbiter.

### Fixes
Fixed being able to earn way too much Affinity from certain Riven Challenges that got missed in yesterday's hotfix.
Fixed Defixio Ammo Drain debuff being able to drain Scanners in Abyssal Zone missions.
Fixed Medi-Pet Kit not having the intended +12 HP/s heal rate (it was using its original pre-rework +6 HP/s value). 
Fixed a script error in Teshin's Cave.
Known Issue: Hydroid's Plunder Ability video is using the old Undertow video. We'll be replacing it next week, but until them, puddle lovers can watch it lovingly to remember old times.

## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.2
**Date:** 2023-10-19T19:34:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Abyss of Dagath: Hotfix 34.0.1
**Date:** 2023-10-18T20:52:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Abyss of Dagath: Update 34
**Date:** 2023-10-18T14:58:21Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added two new Reward Options to the Steel Path Circuit Reward Path: Rivens and Kuva!
With Drifter Opportunity Intrinsics at Rank 9, you will be presented with reward options of a Veiled Riven or 20k Kuva in addition to the weekly Incarnon rotation for your Circuit Reward Path!
Just like the Incarnon Geneses, the order you pick these rewards will determine what Rank you need to complete in the Circuit to earn them.
Added VFX when toggling between the Normal and Steel Path modes in the Star Chart screen.
Added several new post-Quest voice lines to Saya in Cetus! 
Added a sound effect to mid-air rolls. Your aerial rolling will be silent no more!
Added new Ordis' lines from the Cephalon Joke-a-Thon Contest winners. 
Added the Argo & Vel Blueprint to Simaris' wares for those who own the Drifter variant!

### Changes
Please note that Dagath's Kaithe shoulder skull is actually an Armor Attachment, titled Dagath Armor, you can equip as desired! We're aware of an issue that the Dagath Armor unequips itself the first time you enter the Arsenal after purchasing Dagath. Re-equipping will fix this for now!
Suparna Day Of The Dead Syandana
Vetala Day Of The Dead Shoulder Plate
Vetala Day Of The Dead Chest Plate
Vetala Day Of The Dead Ankle Plates 
Skiajati Day Of The Dead Skin 
Acceltra Day Of The Dead Skin 
Corvas Day Of The Dead Skin 
Cycron Day Of The Dead Skin 
Gammacor Day Of The Dead Skin II
Each can also be purchased individually and are permanent in-game Market items.
Vetala Day Of The Dead Shoulder Plate
Vetala Day Of The Dead Chest Plate
Vetala Day Of The Dead Ankle Plates
Each can also be purchased individually and are permanent in-game Market items.
Haunt wherever you go with new morbidly festive weapon skins. Includes:
Acceltra Day Of The Dead Skin 
Corvas Day Of The Dead Skin 
Cycron Day Of The Dead Skin 
Gammacor Day Of The Dead Skin II 
Skiajati Day Of The Dead Skin
Each can also be purchased individually and are permanent in-game Market items.
Warframe Shield Changes
Base vs. Final Stats in Modding
Health / Energy / Shield / Armor Stat Overhaul
Focus Lens Conversion Buff
Nightwave Changes
Break Narmer Mission Improvements
Archon Hunt Damage Attenuation Changes
Fast Deflection: Added -45% Shield Recharge Delay
Fortitude: Increased the Shield Recharge value from +80% to +100%. 
Also increased Chance to Resist Knockdown from +20% to +40%. 
Vigilante Vigor: Added -30% Shield Recharge Delay
100 Shields at Shield Break: 1.33s of Shield Gating
75 Shields at Shield Break: 1.0s of Shield Gating
50 Shields at Shield Break: 0.67s of Shield Gating
25 Shields at Shield Break: 0.34s of Shield Gating
10 Shields at Shield Break: 0.33s of Shield Gating
As a reminder, 0.33s is the absolute minimum duration for Shield Gating!
Hildryn's Passive has been buffed from 3s Shield Gating Duration to 3.5s Shield Gating Duration!
Updated Grenade Fan's description to better communicate how Shield Satellites work with Shield Gating. 
"(HOLD) SHIELD SATELLITES
Protea reconfigures Grenades to work as overcharging shield generators, protecting her, her allies and companions. When Shields break, a Satellite is destroyed to double minimum Shield Gate invincibility time." 
Shield Regeneration Delay Reduction is now capped at 80%. Many Mods have now been updated to offer this benefit, leading to the possibility of stacking Shield Regen to be faster than Shield Gate expiring. Now, players should have easier access to reducing the regeneration time, without risking issues with permanent invulnerability. 
Guardian Break Shield Regeneration delay reduction has been decreased from 90% to 80% at max rank as a result. We have buffed this effect's duration 8s to 12s at max rank to compensate!
Updated the Shield stat on-hover description in the Upgrade Screen to describe Shield break functionality and include Shield Gate duration for your current modded max Shields. 
It is NOT intended for Overshields to count for Shield Gate duration. We will be removing this with required Code in our next Cert build.
Vitality: Reduced from +440% to +100% Health
Redirection: Reduced from +440% to +100% Shield Capacity
Steel Fiber: Reduced from +110% to +100% Armor
Flow: Reduced from +150% to +100% Energy Max
With this change, Excalibur's Rank 30 Health stat is 370. With +100% Health from a max Vitality Mod, his resulting Health stat would be 740, which matches what it was originally.
Lavos, Nidus, Nidus Prime, and Kullervo all have buffs to their Armor values as a result of this change.
Ex: Nidus Prime's Armor stat increased from 910 (previous) to 1,050 (new with this update) with max Steel Fiber Equipped. With all 3 Umbral Warframe Mods equipped, this buff results in a difference of 1198 Armor (previous) to 1470 Armor (new with this update).
Garuda and Garuda Prime's received buffs to their Modded Energy pool.
ie. Garuda Prime's Energy stat has been increased from 800 (previous) to 912 (new with this update) with max Primed Flow equipped.
To better contextualize how these numbers have changed, we've also prepared a comparison asset using Excalibur:
These changes in action using Voidrig!
These changes in action using Odonata!
Accelerator: Kill 10 Enemies while Sliding (was: 20)
Conservationist: Complete 3 different Perfect Animal Captures in Orb Vallis (was: 6)
Earth Bounty Hunter: Complete 3 different Bounties in the Plains of Eidolon (was: 5)
Earth Fisher: Catch 3 Rare Fish in the Plains of Eidolon (was: 6)
Earth Miner: Mine 3 Rare Gems or Ore in the Plains of Eidolon (was: 6)
Eternal Guardian: Complete 2 Void Armageddon missions (was: 3)
Everything Old is New Again: Complete 1 Transmutations (was: 3)
Glider: Kill 15 Enemies while Aim Gliding (was: 20)
Invader: Complete 6 Invasion missions of any type (was: 9)
Night and Day: Collect 10 Vome or Fass Residue in the Cambion Drift. (was: 15)
Night Terror: Complete 5 Nightmare missions of any type (was: 10)
Researcher: Scan 15 Objects or Enemies (was: 25)
Sanctuary Researcher: Complete 3 Scans for Cephalon Simaris (was: 5)
Supporter: Complete 5 Syndicate missions (was: 10)
Survival: Complete a Survival mission reaching at least 20 minutes (was: 30)
Venus Bounty Hunter: Complete 3 different bounties in the Orb Vallis (was: 5)
Venus Fisher: Catch 3 Rare Servofish in the Orb Vallis (was: 6)
Venus Miner: Mine 3 Rare Gems or Ore in the Orb Vallis (was: 6)
Animator: Retrieve the Ayatan Statue for Maroo in Maroo's Bazaar
Previously was: Fully Socket 3 Ayatan Sculptures
Now Boarding: Complete 3 different K-Drive races in Orb Vallis on Venus or in Cambion Drift on Deimos. 
Previously was limited to only Orb Vallis races.
Thrill Rider: Kill 20 Enemies while riding a K-Drive, Kaithe, Velocipod, Merulina
Expanding the eligibility of this Act to all of your trusty steeds. 
Previously named "Surfs Up!"
The Hunt is On: Find 5 Syndicate Medallions
Players will no longer have to be the one to pick up the Medallion for this to count.
The Personal Touch: Place 1 decoration in your Orbiter or Dormizone
Only Orbiter decorating used to count!
Cache Hunter: Find 6 caches across any Sabotage missions
Previously was: "Find all caches in 3 Sabotage missions"
Saver: Pick up 15,000 Credits
Mission credit rewards will now count towards this Act!
The Many Made Whole: Functionality remains, updated description to be more accurate.
Previously was: "Convert 10 Riven Slivers into a Riven Mod" 
Now: "Exchange 10 Riven Slivers for a Riven Mod"
Kahl see more! 
Kahl now has Loot Radar and Enemy Radar. This will allow you to plan your offensive, and find key pick-ups to complete your Stock challenges faster!
Kahl go fast! 
Kahl's max speed and overall walking speed have been increased.
Kahl earn stock! 
Added Stock Pickups to Break Narmer missions. 8 to 12 Stock Pickups will spawn per mission, offering 2 Stock each. These will appear on your Loot Radar and will respawn if the mission is replayed. Extraction is required to earn the picked-up Stock.
Ogris
Gorvakk (new shotgun found only in Break Narmer missions!)
Ignis
Tonkor
Grinlok
Jat Kittag
*Once Kahl equips the Salvaged Kuva Ayanga in the Junk Run mission, these optional weapons are removed. Once the Tusk Thumper has been defeated, they will respawn. 
As for Sneaky Sabotage, since this mission has specific weapon restrictions, there are no plans to offer additional weapons to this mission at this time.
This section covers the following topics (in order):
Removal of Flawed Mods and MK1 Weapons from Vor's Prize
Early Game Inbox and Junction Adjustments
Universal Enemy Radar
Quest Improvements 
Including Waverider, The Glast Gambit, Natah, and Vox Solaris
Assassination Target Improvements
Cetus Wisp and Necramech Acquisition Changes
Fast Deflection
new Max Rank Drain of 7
Redirection
new Max Rank Drain of 12
Enemy Sense
new Max Rank Drain of 7
Continuity
new Max Rank Drain of 7
Vor's Prize
Added new Ordis voice lines when interacting with the Mod Segment during the Quest to set expectations around Modding this early on in the game: "Ordis realizes modding may seem a tad overwhelming, but everything will soon make sense." 
Saya's Vigil
Added Gara's Blueprint to this inbox message instead of it being a Quest Completion screen reward!
Following the completion of Saya's Vigil, we have also written a new inbox from The Business directing players to visit Fortuna.
Known Issue: We have identified an issue causing this inbox message to not be delivered with this Update's launch. We have fixed the issue and it will be coming in an upcoming hotfix.
Our goal is to better guide newly awakened Tenno through the Star Chart. At the end of Vor's Prize, they will be directed to Cetus to learn about Codex Scanners and receive their first Warframe Blueprint with a light introduction to Resource and Blueprint acquisition. Then they will be encouraged to follow the Junction path to the next planet.

We have plans to continue improvements along the Junction path in future updates with the new player experience in mind.
Removal of the "Collect 20 Mods" and "Apply 4 mods to a Single Warframe or Weapon" tasks. 
With the removal of Flawed Mods, the "Apply 4 Mods" challenge may become more difficult. Our goal for Junction tasks is to both teach new Tenno about the game, and guide them where to go next -
neither of these challenges quite fit that vision. 
NEW TASK: "Complete Quest: Saya's Vigil"
Similar to the Inbox changes, our goal is to direct new players to Cetus early in their journey! It's an opportunity to meet those the Tenno protect while learning about Codex Scanners and Warframe Blueprints.
Reduced the Rank requirement from 2 to 1 for the "Upgrade any mod through the fusion process" task. Simplified the description as well to better explain how to complete it: 
Was: Use ENDO to upgrade Mods at the MOD STATION in your Orbiter.
Now: FUSION requires ENDO and CREDITS and is available at the MODS bench in the middle-deck of your Orbiter.
Mercury
Added Incubator Power Core to Junction rewards 
Howl of the Kubrow is a Quest unlocked from the Mercury Junction, which requires an Incubator Power Core to complete. The free path to this item was not available until the Mars Junction was completed, which we felt was confusing to many new Tenno eager to hatch their first furry friend.
We've reduced the number of challenges per page from 5 to 3, resulting in a whopping reduction of overall Quest requirements from 25 to 15 challenges!
With fewer challenges overall, we've reworked the remaining challenges with the focus of making them simpler and easier to complete while still showcasing the breadth of gameplay available on your K-Drive!
Added the Quest Challenges to the pause menu while it is active to increase visibility and reduce the inconvenience of reopening the comic every time you need to check your progress. Hovering over a challenge will also provide you with a "how-to" description, offering more details on how to complete the listed objective!
Added Quest icon to the prompting text lines when interacting with Boon in Fortuna, to help players identify which dialogue prompt to click to proceed with the Quest stages. 
The Yareli Comic is now accessible in the Vent Kids' Clubhouse in Fortuna while the Waverider Quest is active. Instead of having to return to your Orbiter to check challenge progress, players have an additional option of visiting Boon and reading the comic there!
Added a "Skip All" button to the Yareli Comic Pages for players who want to skip past the narration and read the pages themselves.
Here's a look at what the Waverider Quest Challenges are now: 
PAGE 1:
Copter x 5
Complete a K-Drive Race
Kill 5 enemies with a Secondary Weapon while riding a K-Drive
PAGE 2
Nose Planker or Tail Planker x 5
Obtain 5 seconds of air-time on a K-Drive
Get 5 Headshot Kills with a Secondary Weapon while riding a K-Drive
PAGE 3:
Keep a K-Drive trick chain alive for 10 seconds
Frontside Rollout x 5
Backside Rollout x 5
PAGE 4:
PAGE 5:
Kill 5 enemies while mid-air/during a trick chain
Collect a total of 10,000 race points
Earn 500 points in a K-Drive trick chain
Reduced enemy level from 6-8 to 5, matching subsequent missions in this Quest.
Increased Drone Health and Shields from 3k to 8k, respectively.
Reduced the number of required kills from 30 to 20.
MISSION 2:
Reduced enemy level from 6-8 to 5, matching subsequent missions in this Quest.
MISSION 3:
Increased Excavator shields from 500 to 3k to match Health values.
MISSION 5:
Reduced enemy starting level to 7 from 9.
Increased Coolant Tower Health and Shields from 3k to 10k, respectively.
Reduced the length of each Index round from 3 to 2 minutes. Since you have to play multiple Index rounds per mission, we felt it dragged on too long.
Increased the Victory Margin from 10 to 20. While Nef may be balking at your success, we understand that the original margin was a pain point for many players, and we hope this improves that!
Reduced the MR requirement from 3 to 2, meaning Oculysts will now spawn in Uranus missions once you are MR 2!
Updated the Uranus Junction challenge description to better indicate how to start this Quest. 
"Unlock this Quest via a special event in Grineer missions on Uranus. These events only trigger if you are Mastery Rank 2 or above." 
Reduced the number of Defense waves from 10 to 5 in the "Seal the Tomb" mission.
The Archwing: Reduced Odonata build time from 10 minutes to 1 minute.
The Limbo Theorem: Reduced Limbo Blueprint craft times from 12 hours to 1 minute. We are also reducing the number of Proof fragments required for the Theorem Blueprints from 3 to 1. 
Saya's Vigil: Removed the MR 1 requirement to access Saya's Vigil as part of our other early game journey changes. 
Rising Tide: Reduced the Railjack Cephalon Blueprint build time from 10 mins to 1 min.
Apostasy Prologue: Added "how to unlock" hint text in Codex to guide players to complete the Chains of Harrow Quest and install the Personal Quarters Segment.
Reduced round timer from 120 to 90 seconds. 
Reduced required number of Hacked Ambulas
From 4 to 3 for single player squads
From 5 to 4 for two player squads
From 6 to 4 for three and four player squads. 
For experienced squads, taking down the Ambulas could lead to long periods of waiting. With these changes, we hope to reduce the amount of overall downtime in this fight, while not making it too difficult for those who have yet to master it.
Vay Hek:
Reduced Invulnerability period from 10 to 6 seconds. 
Increased maximum damage received before becoming invulnerable from 25% to 35%. 
These changes should increase the frequency at which Vay Hek becomes vulnerable to damage, therefore speeding up the fight!
Tyl Regor:
Waypoint on Tyl Regor now disappears when he is hiding.
Previously it would direct players to a locked door, possibly leading to confusion.
Added Waypoint Markers to Manics while they are active.
Character Highlighting System
Conservation Accessibility and QOL Improvements
Auto Melee 
Buffs and Debuffs in Pause Menu
New Update History Screen
Other UI / HUD Additions and Changes
In the screenshot above, you can see the full array of settings available to you in our Accessibility Settings Screen:
Enemy Highlights Toggle
Toggling this on applies the Highlight Aura to all enemies.
Enemy Highlight Color
Select the color of choice using the Accessibility Color Palette or any other owned Color palette.
Enemy Highlight Intensity
Choose how bright you'd like the Highlight to be using this sliding scale. 
Ally Highlights
Toggling this on applies the Highlight Aura to all allies, including but not limited to: Squad Members, Companions / Sentinels, and Specters.
Self Highlight
Apply the Ally Highlight settings to your player avatar.
This will persist anywhere you take your Warframe or Tenno, such as your Orbiter, Quests, etc!
Ally Highlight Color
Select the color of choice using the Accessibility Color Palette or any other owned Color palette.
Ally Highlight Intensity
Choose how bright you'd like the Highlight to be using this sliding scale.
Interacting with the Color and Intensity options will preview the effect on your Warframe in the menu screen, giving you an idea of what it'll look like in-mission! Here is a preview of gameplay with this system in action:
U35_Character Highlighting In Action_Option B.mp4Unavailable
A few key characteristics of note for this system:
"Friendly" enemy units such as those seen in Invasion missions or those affected by Revenant's Thralls / Nyx's Mind Control units / etc. will use the Ally Highlight settings to differentiate them from your true foes.
Character Highlight Settings are accessible in-mission should you need to make any tweaks on the fly!
Our intentions are for the majority of Quest cutscenes you will not see Character Highlights in action, except if Self Highlights are applied. Currently this is not the case and all allies and enemies are highlighted. We have a code fix that will come with our next Cert build.
U34_Trail Start GIF.mp4Unavailable
Trail Start Points will now be highlighted with a diamond marker with the Tranq Rifle equipped. Simply holding the Tranq Rifle will show these markers at 20m away, while aiming down the scope will reveal them from up to 50m away.
This diamond marker functionality already existed with Echo-Lures, but we are extending it to Tranq Rifles as well. 
Trail Start Points will now glow similar to footprints when viewed through the Tranq Rifle scope.
Updated our footprint shader to improve animal footprint visibility and address issues of them disappearing below rocky terrain.
Once interacting with a Trail Start Point, a yellow area highlight will appear in your minimap over the last section of the tracks you found. Additionally, we have added diamond markers at key checkpoints in the footprint path that appear when looking down the Tranq Rifle scope.
If you happen to lose the trail or get turned around, these two mechanics should help you!
Adjusted the audio and visual cues from the Tranq Rifle to play more or less frequently depending on how far away the animal is.
The more often they appear, the closer you are! 
Ally Character Highlights will apply to Conservation targets as an extra way to distinguish them from the landscape, should you wish to use that system!
Added a flashing paw icon that points you in the direction of the animal when looking down the Tranquilizer scope.
With the successful use of the Echo-Lure, the replying animal call already comes from the direction that they spawn in. We're adding this new visual clue for Conservationists in addition to the existing audio cue! 
Note: This functionality also applies to free-roaming wildlife you find on the Landscape, no Echo-Lure required!
U34_Tranq Rifle Indicator GIF.mp4Unavailable
All Glaive Weapon Types 
Wolf Sledge
As you can see in the screenshot above, hovering over the icon will show you the effect's name and possibly the description. We've done our best to add descriptions for Arcanes, Mods, Decrees, Focus Abilities, and Weapon Abilities in time for this update. As the majority of descriptions are still being added, we ask that any bug reporting is done on incorrect or incomplete descriptions instead of missing ones!
In the screenshot above, you'll see various sections designed to contextualize and highlight released in the specific update, including:
In the pause menu above the Nightwave button.
Via the new banner over the News console in your Orbiter!
Added a Weapon Trait Display in the Arsenal! 
Weapons with specific traits or passives now display this information in the Upgrade Arsenal screen of the respective weapon. These traits were often hidden in weapon descriptions or otherwise required players to learn about them via outside sources
now you can directly see any special traits a weapon has and incorporate that knowledge into your builds. 
Each and every single trait was written for this update, which means some may have slipped by! Please let us know if there are weapons missing their own trait description. Thank you!
This new Trait display is placed where the previous "Rank Bonuses" information lived. We have moved the "Rank Bonuses" section of the Upgrade Screen just above the Ability Icons, where players can still access that information on-hover. 
Added a preview feature when adjusting the Visual Effects Intensity slider.
You can now swap Incarnon Evolutions in the Arsenal! 
Note: You will still need to visit Cavalero to unlock each Evolution, but once that's done, you can swap to your heart's delight from the comfort of your Orbiter. 
U34_Incarnon Arsenal Evolution Swap_V2.mp4

Updated the reticle's reaction when hitting headshots and weak points to a much more visible and red indicator. 
Added a new "Damage Number" color slot for non-critical damage. Default is white but can be customized in the "Customize HUD Colors" settings.
Players can now see how many open Slots they own when hovering over an item that requires Slots in the Foundry! The number and slot type will appear at the bottom of the Foundry screen when hovering over an applicable Blueprint.
Knowing how many open Slots you have is an important part of expanding your Arsenal, but this information can be hard to find if you don't know where to look! This change allows players to get that information much more quickly, and offers more transparency on how the Slot mechanic works for those unfamiliar with it!
Railjack Crew members can now be customized by hovering over their character models. Doing so will display all of the options in a single menu, a much more convenient way to personalize your team! 
Added a new pop-up when picking up Convergence Orbs to explain Convergence functionality. 
The message "Eliminate enemies to earn bonus Focus for the next 45s" will now appear briefly below the bonus Focus pop-up. For more information on the bonus Focus pop-up, read on to the Focus Lens Conversion Buff section. A follow-up message will now also appear once you have reached the daily cap. 
Added a "Claim Rewards" indicator on the Nightwave Button accessed via the pause menu when you have a Nightwave reward pending. 
Removed the ability to see how many Trades Remaining the other player has in the Trading Interface. 
This change was the result of fixing a bug where the Trade Remaining number was not accurate. Ultimately it was decided that this information is not really relevant for other players to know, so it was removed.
Added drop shadow to Buff Icons in the HUD to improve their visibility, especially when in light colored environments. 
Added new VFX feedback when Health and Shields are restored. The HUD color (default gray) is also customizable with the new "Restored Shields and Health" option in the Customize HUD Colors Accessibility settings.
Companion Immortality 
Companion Stat Changes
Companion Healing 
Companion Mod Changes & Additions
And more!
Your furry, robotic, fleshy, and everything in between pals have received a rework! Read on to learn how the way you use, Mod, and interact with your Companions has changed in this first phase of the Companion system overhaul.
Kavats, Kubrows, MOAs, and Predasites will now collapse on the ground and can be, optionally, manually revived to get them back into action quicker.
Sentinels cannot be manually revived, but they will fly along with you in a damaged state while performing their automatic self-revive.
Vulpaphylas still have their usual tricks instead, where they morph into a Sentinel-like state for a short period and then recover.
Khora's Venari still uses its usual behavior of temporarily disappearing if defeated, but you can override its time-out by spending Energy to cast her Venari Ability.
Worth noting that Vacuum and Animal Instinct work while the Companion is Incapacitated.
With Incapacitation, Companions can now recover from being downed in Arbitration missions, instead of staying dead for the duration of the mission.
Several Mods have been modified or introduced that also change when or how your Companion deals with Incapacitation
see the "Companion Mod Changes & Additions" section below for specifics.
Including both the removal of Companion Rank bonuses, and the base increase to stats, the following lists the stat changes for all Companions at Rank 0:
Nezha's Warding Halo
Trinity's Blessing
Ember's Immolation
Garuda's Blood Altar
Gara's Splinter Storm
Styanax' Intrepid Stand
Mirage's Eclipse
Volt's Discharge
Baruuk's Desolate Hands
Harrow's Penance
Harrow's Thurible
Equinox' Mend & Maim
Sancti Magistar's Heavy Attack Heal
Vazarin's Protective Sling
Stats below are shown at Max Rank.
These Mods are available to acquire at the Conservation vendors in Cetus (Master Teasonai), Fortuna (The Business), and the Necralisk (Son).
*Stats below are shown at Max Rank.
Available In Master Teasonai's Offerings (Cetus):
Available In The Business' Offerings (Fortuna):
Available In Son's Offerings (Necralisk):
*Work is still ongoing for this mod, we are aware of some Robotic Companion Precepts which do not trigger the bonus Status Effects.
Sentinels now avoid damage from Arson Eximus explosions if you also avoid damage with a successful dodge.
The improvement to Shield Gating where it now scales with maximum Shield strength and fully resets as long as you have any Shield charge at all, also applies to Companions.
Companions can now gain Overguard (behaves the same as player Overguard) and Overshield. 
Health and Energy conversion will now enable picking up Orbs at max capacity. This applies to the Equilibrium Mod as well. 
Added map icons for each Companion type to help identify their location. 
Reduced the amount of Alloy Plates required to craft the Kavat Incubator Upgrade Segment from 120,000 to 60,000. 
Improved Companion HUD information: 
Removed notifications for when other players' Companions are downed (Incapacitated) to reduce HUD noise. You will now only get notified for your own Companion. 
Your Companion now has its very own icon in the HUD. 
Updated the Imprints error message to be more accurate: 
Was: "Cannot make imprints of pets when they have not yet matured. Wait for active pet to become an adult before creating imprint."
Now: "Cannot make imprints of pets when they have not yet matured. Mature to an adult before creating imprint."
Oberon's Passive now applies to all Companion Types.
Previously only Kavats, Kubrows, Predasites, and Vulpaphylas would receive +25% Health, Armor, and Shield links, plus the 1 instant revive per mission.
Companions are no longer able to be staggered! 
Because staggering would often stop your pets in-place, it opened them up to being re-staggered, which then often led to their swift demise. This should fix that issue, and allow your furry and not-so-furry friends to have more impact in-mission.
The goal of the Hydroid rework was to keep his unique style while making him both easier to use and bringing his power more in line with other Warframes. This means changing how his abilities work through changes to their damage types, removing charging mechanics, and making enemies easier to hit while they are wrapped up in his abilities. Additionally, it meant reworking his passive and removing the Undertow ability, replacing it with the new Plunder ability.
For a closer look at our deadly marauder of the deep, let's dive right in!
Previously, Tempest Barrage and Tidal Surge both dealt Impact damage, while Tentacle Swarm dealt Magnetic Damage. These have been changed to Corrosive Damage, which can apply Corrosive Status. Corroding Barrage has been a widely used Augment Mod by Hydroid players, which caused Corrosive Status for Tempest Barrage, and due to its popularity, we looked to incorporate its effect into Hydroid at a base level.
We felt changing Damage to Corrosive Damage in Hydroid's abilities makes them more thematic to the sea while also incorporating Corroding Barrage's current effect in a meaningful way. With this change in mind, Corroding Barrage will now apply Viral Status instead of Corrosive
more details on that below.
The nature of Hydroid's previous Passive pushed players to a very specific playstyle (regular usage of melee slam attacks), while not guaranteeing anything useful from each individual slam. We wanted to make the passive feel more reliable and impactful.
New Passive: Enemies damaged by Hydroid are more vulnerable to Corrosion Status, with initial status reducing armor by 50%.
Hydroid's new Passive affects an enemy once Hydroid damages them, lasting until their death. It makes the first instance of Corrosive Status on an enemy remove 50% of their Armor rather than 26%. Not only does this make the first Corrosive Status stronger, but it also means Corrosion Status can reach 100% Armor Reduction with full stacks!
To clarify, this means Hydroid does not need to apply all, or even any, of the Corrosive Status Effects on an enemy. As long as Hydroid has damaged the enemy, the Corrosive Status Effects can be applied from any source and will receive the benefit.
For example, previously, an uncharged Tentacle Swarm would have 40% of the tentacles and 33% of the radius compared to a fully charged cast. With this change, both tentacle count and radius will always be the maximum, what a fully charged cast was previously.
This change makes Hydroid's play more fluid, with more time spent attacking rather than charging abilities for their maximum effect.
Tempest Barrage staggers enemies instead of ragdoll, making them easier to target.
This ability has been removed and replaced with Plunder.
Undertow was an ability which we feel made Hydroid a bit less fun to play as, or play with. There are two main reasons we decided to replace this ability:
It forced the player to remain stationary, while many objectives rely on regular movement.
It absorbed enemies without instantly killing them, which could lead to instances of hiding enemies that a teammate was trying to kill.
Now holds enemies in a steadier position, making it easier to eliminate enemies locked down by Tentacles.
If a tentacle's held enemy dies, it will move to grab a new enemy in the Tentacle Swarm's area of effect.
Updated Tentacle sound and visual effects.
As part of our ongoing efforts to convert Operator Skins for Drifter use, the Operator Zauba and Commodore Prime Suits can now be equipped onto your Drifter!
*Raven Drifter is seen in the above image.
Future purchases of these customizations will now include the matching Drifter variants. For those of you that already own these collections, the Drifter versions will be added to your inventory upon log-in.
DualShock 4 and DualSense controllers are now officially supported in Warframe on PC (for Windows 8 and up users)!
Steam-Input users:
Steam config for DualShock controllers has been vastly simplified and will now automatically work with Warframe using the Default Controller Settings in Steam. Simply click the cog on the top right, then "Properties", then "Controller" and change the "Override for Warframe" option to "Use default settings" from the dropdown list.
DS4Win users:
We recommend stopping DS4Win when playing Warframe now that native support for the DualShock 4 and DualSense controllers has been added.
With Warframe's built-in support enabled, changes made to Warframe's Steam Input (e.g. with Steam Deck) In-Game Action Files (input configuration, etc.) will no longer cause disruptions to DualShock use as they once did. Steam Input's binding model had certain limitations due to there being no official support in Warframe, but that is now an issue of the past!
Added an "Auto" option to the Upscaling Quality video settings. This option determines the correct upscaling quality based on the output resolution. 
Replaced the Nvidia Image Scaler when using DLSS with AMD's RCAS. This gives more consistent results and means all upscalers now use the same sharpening. 
Added XeSS support for DX12 and AMD's RCAS sharpening.
Fixed graphical issues with the minimap and several on-hover popups (Mission Node in Navigation, Market descriptions, etc.) while Upscaling options are enabled.
Explosive Barrels on paper may seem like a blast, but their impact in-mission is not quite up to snuff. In this update, we've brought these environmental hazards back with a bang with the following changes:
Explosive Barrels now deal a % of an enemy's Health to help them scale with higher level content. Players will receive a reduced amount of damage from Barrels to prevent deadly accidents -
on par with the amount of damage they would have received before this change.
Previously, these barrels dealt a flat damage value which had little impact on high-level foes. 
LN2 Barrels (Cold) and Spent Radium Barrels (Radiation) will now deal full stacks of Cold and Radiation Status Effects respectively for enemies standing within the shockwave.
Removed the 0.35s delay before explosion upon Barrel destruction. 
Reduced the range of explosion from 15m to 10m and added scaling damage values based on how close the enemy is to the Barrel.
Improved overall VFX of the Barrel explosion to showcase the blast radius, and make the kills feel punchier. 
Fixed explosion line of sight checks being blocked by other enemies. Explosions will still respect environmental obstacles (walls, etc.), but now enemies within the blast radius will not survive simply because they were standing behind someone else!
Ground Finishers now ignore the Armor value of enemies as other types of Finishers do. This affects the following: 
Hunter's Bonesaw now grants 120% Finisher Damage instead of Status Chance since Ground Finishers now deal Finisher Damage which does not proc Status. 
Fixed several cases where the game was not recognizing a Ground Finisher for the activation of Mods and Arcanes. The intent is that Ground Finishers, Stealth Finishers and Parazon Finishers should be equivalent unless explicitly stated otherwise:
Duviri Decrees will now accept Ground Finishers (Tamm's Fortune, Brimon's Nerve, Molten Mettle)
Inaros' Desiccation Curse augment will now create sand minions on Ground Finishers
Arcane Trickery will now activate from Ground Finishers
Arcane Ultimatum will now activate from Ground Finishers
Exodia Might will now activate from Ground Finishers
Improved the accuracy of water ripples when running through a body of water.
Voruna's Ulfrun's Descent kills will now count as Melee for synergy with Lycath's Hunt Health orb drops. 
We've revamped how the game audio mix is handled when casting Warframe abilities and firing weapons to improve spatial sound awareness. Now, you'll be able to hear the environment and gameplay sounds much more clearly in certain scenarios. We also fixed some issues with certain abilities and weapons causing gameplay sounds to playback too quietly. 
Gaining Health, Shields, and Overguard now provide more gradual feedback in the health bar instead of instantly changing.
Improved the Decree rerolling randomization to prevent the same Decrees from appearing again after rerolls. 
Improved the Incarnon UI VFX to better indicate when charges have been depleted. 
In preparation for the introduction of Cross Platform Play Clans, the way resources are refunded from canceling Dojo Rooms and Decorations has been changed to ensure parity between Cross Platform and non-Cross Platform Play Clans. Instead of the resources returning to the contributing players' inventories, it will now be refunded to the Clan Vault. 
Buffs or mechanics that are triggered upon Health or Energy Orb pickup can now be triggered if your Health or Energy pools are at max. This includes Mods like Equilibrium!
If your buffs are fully stacked, you will no longer pick up these Orbs at max Health/Energy. 
Orokin Vaults on Deimos can now be highlighted by the Orokin Eye Air Support ability.
Adjusted Auto-Install prioritization based on new Warframe Health and Shield values, as well as checking for Shield Recharge Delay. 
Operator Amps can now interrupt Dax abilities in the Undercroft similar to how weapon fire can. 
Ash and Stalker (playable) can now cast Teleport on Defense objectives. 
This was previously fixed in Hotfix 33.0.7 due to the issues and inconsistencies with the landing spot (getting stuck in objective upon landing). We have now improved the targeting to prevent that and have re-enabled it! 
Updated the Imprints error message to be more accurate: 
Was: "Cannot make imprints of pets when they have not yet matured. Wait for active pet to become an adult before creating imprint."
Now: "Cannot make imprints of pets when they have not yet matured. Mature to an adult before creating imprint."
Grand Master Founder aliases are now highlighted in the Relays' Honored Grand Masters panels. 
Updated Entropy Burst and Napalm Grenade's descriptions to clarify that it applies after Mods like Rifle Aptitude by changing "Base Status Chance" to "Final Status Chance". 
Was: +20 Base Status Chance, +1 'Entropy'
Now: +20 Final Status Chance, +1 'Entropy' 
Updated some Archwing HUD assets with higher resolution ones. 
The Secondary Outburst Arcane has received some overall buffs! Additionally, we've fixed it not functioning properly and its description being inaccurate. The new description is as follows:
On swapping to Secondary Weapon, consume all Combo Multipliers to increase Secondary Weapon Critical Chance and Critical Damage by 5/7/9/12/16/20% per Combo consumed for 30s.
Changed the Thermal Sunder Helminth ability to have an altered attribute of "Scaling from Heat Status on enemies capped to 10x ability damage." 
A deeper dive into its Subsumed version on other Warframes showed us there was a Damage Over Time issue where Heat procs were scaling with unlimited exponential damage, therefore, we have implemented the cap. 
Changed the Faction Damage Mod (includes Bane, Cleanse, Expel, Smite, Railjack, and Riven Faction Stats) descriptions to use multiplier instead of percentage based stat formatting. Damage values have not changed! Just the way they are communicated. 
For example: Smite Corpus (at max rank) 
Was: "+30% Damage to Corpus." 
Now: "x1.3 Damage to Corpus." 
This change better communicates how Faction Damage is calculated, since calculation occurs when you hit the enemy, as opposed to when you shoot like other damage sources (since it needs to know what Faction is being hit). For that reason, multipliers apply to final damage as a whole and not just part of the formula! 
Updated Zariman Extraction button in the Elevator to start a 60 second Extraction timer for Hosts in endless missions. 
Clients will still be automatically extracted from the mission when using this button. We have added this special functionality for Hosts to allow Clients the option to extract as well, should they wish to avoid a Host Migration. 
Reduced Shields on Corpus Allies in the "Prison Break" Break Narmer mission to be more in line with Grineer Brothers total health values. 
You can now use TAB to switch between the "Name" and "Message" text fields in the "Add Friend" window. 
Non-Critical Little Duck transmissions in Disruption missions can now be turned on or off with the "Enable Hint Transmissions" toggle in the Audio Options.
Removed the "Y" keyboard binding to cancel a mission vote. 
The binding was rather counterintuitive ("Y" for NO vote) and not entirely intended (as was apparent with the lack of button callout in the UI). Additionally, we want to prevent it negatively affecting how controllers are able to interact with the voting bindings.
Optimized trail particles count on the Latron Incarnon Genesis' projectile. 
Made micro-optimizations to DirectX 12 shader prefetching.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to DirectX drivers. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory footprint for all platforms.
Optimized screenshot capturing to reduce the hitch time. 
Fixed a hitch in performance when opening the Railjack Tactical Menu. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when using DirectX 12 after upgrading drivers. 
Fixed a rare issue where Clients could experience long hitches in Archwing Rush missions if remaining players stayed at spawn.
Made micro-optimization to DirectX 12 rendering.
Made micro-optimizations to DirectX 12 prefetching.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory on all platforms.

### Fixes
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Echoes of Duviri is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things slip through the cracks so we will be watching for bug reports and feedback in the Dedicated Abyss of Dagath Subforums to address in follow-up Hotfixes.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit "The Warframe Lexicon for Updates" to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
In this mission you have two objectives:
1. Exterminate the required amount of enemies
2. Recover a Defixio by delivering it to the Extraction Point
Syndicate Agents, desperate to escape the hellscape they found themselves in, are hiding around the Galleon and are eager to share their intel on the location of Defixios
look for their Ally map markers and interact with them to mark an area on the map where a Defixio can be found.
Look for the telltale red glow around a Defixio to find it and pick it up. Similar to Datamasses, players carrying a Defixio will still be able to use their Secondary and Melee weapons, and can pick up or drop their payload at will.
Additionally, nearing the required amount of slain enemies will trigger a call for reinforcements, turning your mission into an Eximus Stronghold until you successfully extract.
Wyrd Scythes is Dagath's Helminth ability (Altered: Diminished Slow) and Railjack ability.
How To Acquire Dagath: 
Dagath can be purchased for instant access in the in-game Market for Platinum or her Blueprints can be collected from the new "Dagath's Hollow" Dojo Room (read below to learn more) and crafted using Vainthorn earned from the new Abyssal Zone Exterminate Node.
With the release of Dagath, the number of purchasable loadout slots has been increased from 21 to 22.
How To Acquire Dagath's Ganceann Helmet: 
The Helmet can be purchased from the in-game Market. Its Blueprint will be added to the next Nora's Mix Series store 
we will update you in the near future on when to expect it.
How To Acquire Dorrclave: 
Acquire Dorrclave's Blueprints from the new Dagath's Hollow Dojo Room (read below to learn more) and earn Vainthorn from the new Abyssal Zone Exterminate Node to craft its components.
The spirit of Dagath's Kaithe Rakhali is strong here
allowing you access to your Kaithe and all of its customization options.
Now that Grendel Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Harrow Prime
Scourge Prime
Knell Prime
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Rank 5 Cephalon Suda sacrifice of Harrow Prime Neuroptics to Khora Prime Chassis
Replaced Rank 4 The Perrin Sequence sacrifice of Knell Prime Barrel to Hystrix Prime Receiver
Replaced Rank 5 Red Veil sacrifice of Harrow Prime Systems to Garuda Prime Systems
Fixed Hema's magazine size shrinking when it's used with Equinox equipped with the Duality Augment Mod. 
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse not providing the Damage Reduction buff when positioned in the shadowed areas of Duviri and the Undercroft. 
Fixed Undercroft Jackal being overly affected by Cold Status Effects which would drastically slow down the fight. 
Fixed Gorgon Incarnon challenge for Evolution IV not resetting when reloading if you're the Client.
Fixed Nova's Antimatter Drop damage being inconsistent between Host and Client. 
With the same Mod loadout, Clients were doing significantly less damage than the Host (who had the intended damage output). 
Fixed Decrees going missing after reconnecting to an active Duviri or Circuit session. 
Fixed Host migration causing Clients in the Circuit to not receive their Decree from collecting all the Decree Fragments and completing the stage.
Fixed Orowyrm becoming immortal after destroying all its rings, causing a halt in progress. 
Fixed an issue where shooting enemies in Zephyr's Tornadoes would not register critical hits (notably with the Stahlta). 
Fixed weapons with Incarnon Genesis not being offered as options in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed older accounts seeing incorrect on-screen controller callouts for the "Chord" binding in the Shawzin Duviri side-objective. 
Fixed Styanax's Intrepid Stand Augment Mod unintentionally granting mind control immunity to Nyx's mind-controlled enemies and Revenant's Thralls.
Fixed a bug where Atlas's Tectonics wall wouldn't respawn or roll when destroyed by enemies as a Client.
Fixed changing graphics quality presets not immediately update all settings.
Fixed Chroma's elemental damage defaulting to Heat in the Undercroft regardless of the selected emissive colors.
Fixed an issue in The Duviri Experience where players would lose their Decrees after Host migration.
Fixed a loss of function after opening the Decree menu while being staggered in The Duviri Experience. 
Fixed the Data Mass in The Greenway Zariman Mobile Defense mission disappearing when attempting to pick up a Zarium Accolade.
Fixed freezing in place while attempting to pick up items.
Fixed Orokin Vaults not giving players an "Unidentified Reward" pop-up and reward in their Mission Progress Screen once players interact with the corrupted artifact. 
While players earned a random Corrupted Mod and Orokin Cipher through unlocking these vaults, these rewards were never used the "Unidentified Reward" pop-up that was introduced later in Warframe's development. We're adding it now to reduce any player confusion!
Fixed an issue that allowed multiple Thumper weak points to be destroyed at the same time, resulting in it becoming invulnerable. 
Fixed triggering Galvanized Aptitude on the Telos Boltor Incarnon granting it far more direct hit damage (at times tenfold) than intended. 
Fixed being able to gain Affinity from Ember's Inferno when no enemies are within range. Affinity on Ability cast is tied to Energy cost, and since Inferno has a free-cast trait this slipped by!
Fixes towards the Dex Drifter/Operator Suit not taking on black and dark saturated colors very well. 
Pure black ended up to be more of a shiny medium silver, and saturated colores ended up with a lot of white mixed in. Only very pale colors accurately reflected player color choices prior to this fix. 
Fixed the Codex being accessible during The New War Quest after restarting the game. 
Fixed the controller button callout missing in the HUD tip to use Transference on Umbra in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed Kullervo being unable to move as well as getting permanently stuck in walls after using Wrathful Advance's teleport mode (hold cast). 
Fixed Decrees from previous session being active in a new session after aborting from Duviri. Also fixed Decrees being active in non-Duviri missions. 
Fixed Decree UI from your last Duviri session appearing in non-Duviri missions. 
Fixed the Decree reroll button disappearing in Teshin's Cave after selecting Warframe. 
Fixed case where players can get stuck in a bright white screen during the transition between Circuit stages. 
Fixed animation bug that caused Corufell's Heavy Attack projectiles to add to the Combo Counter. 
Fixed Dread Incarnon not expending its remaining charges upon switching back from Incarnon Mode. 
Fixed Dread Incarnon's Stalker's Resentment perk (with Hate and Despair Equipped: Hits increase damage by +10, stacks up to 5x. Resets on missed shot) resetting if ANY arrow in a volley is missed. This has been changed to be much more forgiving, and will now reset if ALL arrows miss. Each projectile still contributes to the stacks. 
Fixed Specters ignoring ammo drops from Protea's Dispensary. 
Fixed camera snapping 180 degrees upon triggering Last Grasp and Transference. 
Fixed Steel Path difficulty modifiers not applying to Void Angels. 
Fixed Ash's Shruikens pathing being widely inconsistent when pressed up against objects (walls, etc.) when cast, causing them to not fly directly towards enemies. 
Fixed the Evolution IV challenge (Kill 40 enemies while airborne) for the Gammacor Incarnon (base and Synoid) tracking kills while not in the air as required. 
Fixed Overguard disappearing from the UI while riding K-Drive/Merulina. 
Fixed Excalibur Umbra sometimes ceasing to function after getting impaled by Void Angels. 
Fixed enemies remaining disarmed permanently from a disarming ability (e.g. Baruuk's Desolate Hands) after Host migration. 
Fixed getting hit by Jackal's gridwall attack even while taking cover in a spot below it and made other general improvements to lasers vs. obstacle interactions. 
Fixed Ropalolyst becoming immune after Host migration during the final stage. 
Fixed the Navigation and other fast travel options disappearing from the pause menu upon aborting from a Railjack mission and returning to a Featured Dojo.
Fixed Orowyrm having Shields unintentionally which made it impossible to defeat, even after destroying its rings. 
Fixed FOV settings getting reset to default upon restarting the game. 
Fixed Archon Nira getting downed and stuck in walls during her grapple ability. A small invulnerability phase has been added when she performs this ability to prevent this issue from occurring. 
Fixed enemy armor indicators not working properly with Steel Path modifiers. 
Maximum armor is now determined as the highest amount of modified armor the damage controller has had, rather than limited to explicit changes to the base armor rating since Steel Path doesn't change the base armor.
Fixed a Host Migration issue for the Ropalolyst fight that allowed players to see a charged pillar which in reality was not charged at all!
Fixed a Host Migration issue for the Ropalolyst fight that could leave Clients locked in the arena after the fight. 
Fixed a Host Migration issue that caused a Client to lose functionality when entering The Lone Story Undercroft. 
Fixed a Host Migration issue where not enough enemies would spawn during a Duviri Undercroft Defense.
Fixed Pathocyst's heavy charged projectile dealing the same damage as quick attack.
Fixed Rauta's passive not adding Combo Counter to Melee weapons if the Melee has not already accumulated 1x Combo Counter through use.
Fixed being able to apply crowd control effects to the Jackal on Venus, preventing unintended behavior.
Fixed Braton Incarnon's Prelude of Might perk always applying instead of on its intended trigger condition (with Critical Chance Below 50%). 
Fixed issues with certain Video settings not updating to the correct option when changing the Quality Presets. Here are the intended presets for the settings that were incorrect: 
Low Preset: 
GPU Particle Quality: Low
Distortions: Disabled
Film Grain: Disabled 
Medium Preset: 
GPU Particle Quality: Medium 
Anti-Aliasing: SMAA (Medium) 
High Preset: 
Anti-Aliasing: TAA 8X (High) 
Contact Shadows: Enabled
Fixed Hildryn missing controller rumbles for all of her abilities.
Fixed becoming permanently stuck in Operator mode if a squadmate migrates while you are on a K-Drive or Merulina.
Fixed using Transference after reviving with Last Gasp would cause strange camera snapping.
Fixed Limbo being able to Banish Open Zone Excavators, which is inconsistent to other mission Excavators.
Fixed certain causes of getting punted back to the Undercroft waiting area if you died in the Undercroft having not moved.
Fixed Enabling HDR and Upscaling being an overly convoluted process to complete due to erroneous fields being grayed out. 
Fixed the Captura Slow Motion setting applying to the pause menu UI motion and Arsenal UI motion.
Fixed the skybox in both the Courtier's Bliss and Harbinger's Pass Dojo Rooms turning default when another player is adding or destroying a Dojo Room.
Fixed magazine remaining in the Warframe's left hand if the reload for the Tenet Flux Rifle is interrupted. 
Fixed being unable to enter the portals in Duviri (Teshin's Cave and Undercroft) as Limbo while dashing. 
Fixed being unable to use the "Switch Gun" input for the Railjack's Artillery seat. 
Fixed the extraction timer resetting after switching to Operator in the extraction zone. 
Fixed Saryn's Molt lingering in the Railjack after completing a mission, which could damage nearby players when it explodes. Molts will now despawn upon returning from missions. 
Fixed friend invite notifications not showing up in many cases. 
Fixed Clients experiencing a loss of function after trying to visit the Host's Dojo. 
Fixed Titania in Razorwing not rotating to match the direction players are facing when using Transference to swap between Warframe and Operator. 
Fixed Clients being unable to clear their Waypoint by holding the "Place Marker" input. 
Fixed Host getting stuck loading into Deck 12 after triggering it before Clients load into the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed becoming invisible after switching from Warframe to Operator quickly while inside a Sanctuary Onslaught Conduit. 
Fixed Ropalolyst's health bar turning gray (UI-only issue, damage could still be dealt) after Client falls off the stage during the final sequence of the fight.
Fixed enemies spawned during the Steel Path Ropalolyst fight not having the Steel Path modifiers applied to them. 
Fixed music disappearing in the second stage of The Deadlock Protocol Quest. As reported here:
Fixed Ammo Dispensers in the Plains of Eidolon not giving ammo if interacted with as Operator. 
Fixed the "Defeat Archon" objective text in Archon Hunts for Clients appearing in the Host's language. 
Fixed Nightmare mode UI displaying in the Host's language.
Fixed Kaithe running free in Teshin's Cave, making it impossible to preview changes to its appearance in its dedicated spot. We have installed a carrot to the ceiling in that spot to prevent this from happening again. 
Fixed case where enemies spawned into the Simulacrum were overlapping one another. 
Fixed the Ack & Brunt clipping through itself in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed the Syam and Sun & Moon displaying and equipping incorrectly in Teshin's Cave (attempting to select the Syam would equip the Sun & Moon and vice versa). 
Fixed one of the Akvasto Prime pistols appearing as its base variant in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Tonfa weapons appearing wonky in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed issues with how arrows appear in quivers for big Bow weapons (they will no longer appear to prevent future issues). 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in A-pose after Host migration occurs while playing as Operator. 
Fixed weird number formatting issues (seen mostly in damage numbers) for certain languages that could cause decimals to appear in the wrong place. 
Fixed issue where Warframes and Weapons in Teshin's Cave offerings would not show the equipped skins from their Appearance Config A. 
Fixed the Emotion Module preview diorama for MOA companions applying their animations to the equipped Corpus Hound, creating a MOA/Hound creature of nightmares. 
Fixed the textures of the Cetus door leading to the Plains of Eidolon flickering for Clients. 
Fixed the author for the Alliance Message of the day not updating after it's been changed by a different player. 
Fixed the Verdilac ending up in a broken pose at the end of attack animations. 
Fixed several offset issues with multiple armor attachments when equipped onto the Mag Heirloom Skin. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Verv Armor Set when equipped onto certain Warframes and Skins. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Sorex Armor Set when equipped on most Warframes and Skins. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Aesopex Armour Set when equipped on many Warframes and Skins. 
Fixes towards lighting pops that could occur on camera cuts in cinematics. 
Fixed missing texture and black boxes in certain areas of the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed a script error caused by pets spawning in the Dormizone. 
Fixed several script errors caused by the SPROUT resource extracting system in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed an issue with ground textures in Duviri. 
Fixed ground texture issue in Drifter's Camp.
Fixed incorrect capitalization in localized text.
Fixed a Railjack Tactical Menu orientation misalignment when opened alongside the map overlay.
Fixed Drifter occasionally using the wrong animation after death.
Fixed a crash that could occur when entering the Undercroft.
Fixed a map hole in the Orokin Void tileset, just big enough for a Razorwing Titania to fly through. 
Fixed a bug in Simulacrum and Captura where pausing enemy AI would not always work as intended for Tomb Guardians. 
Fixed a crash occurring during Helene (Saturn) mission on Steel Path.
Fixed Warframe and Operator sometimes posing incorrectly on the login screen, in the Orbiter, and in missions. 
Fixed a bug where inviting a pending friend gave a misleading "user is already a friend" message.
Fixed a ceiling gap in the Orokin tileset.
Fixed a crash occurring during the Paragrimm's Tomes objective.
Fixed several offset issues with the TennoCon 2022 Armor Set when equipped on Kullervo.
Fixed text display issues in the in-game Market after opening a chat link. 
Fixed a UI-only currency formatting issue which could cause price discrepancies.
Fixed a UI-only numbers rounding issue on Rivens with the Initial Combo bonus stat. 
Fixed melee-based enemies spinning rapidly when attacking Gara's Mass Vitrify wall. 
Fixed a rare crash when going from town to landscape and failing to connect.
Fixed cooldown timers for Ammo Dispensers in the Plains of Eidolon not counting down and refreshing.
Fixed collision in Unum Tower causing shapes to be broken or missing during The New War Quest. 
Fixed unintentionally voting "no" to a mission due to a controller binding issue when the pause menu is open.
Fixed an issue where new players were not receiving resources from SPROUT (Self-Perpetuating Regular Operation for Utilizing Terrain) in Teshin's cave after completing The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed returning to mission after Host migration defaulting players to Warframe even if they were playing as Operator before migration occurred. 
Fixed an issue in The New War Quest where Operator eyes appear too bright.
Fixed the camera positioning for Operator face and hair customization being too low when viewing various options. 
Fixed an issue with the Loid Sentinel Skin equipped on the Oxylus Sentinel becoming stretched and distorted when attacking. 
Fixed Host migration causing Clients to return as Drifters instead of Warframes in the Orowyrm arena after defeating it. 
Fixed rendering issues with the Cobra & Crane melee weapon when set to "Visible While Holstered". 
Fixed AI Excalibur Umbra being able to enter the "no-Warframe-zone" room in the Necralisk after using Transference.
Fixed a minor texture issue in one of the Undercroft tilesets. 
Fixed a tree clipping through the island in the Harbinger's Pass Dojo room. 
Fixed being unable to change Sampotes' energy color.
Fixed a rare shop rotation issue players could receive duplicate Steel Path Honors shop purchases. 
Fixed being unable to donate Acolyte Noggles to Clan Dojos.
Fixed being unable to move the Conquera Virmink Floof after it has been placed. 
Fixed Konzu and Saya dialogue not having subtitles when starting the Saya's Vigil Quest. 
Fixed missing Dive binding callout as the Orowyrm in The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed Corpus allies remaining standing when downed instead of falling to the floor in "Investigate the Murex" Break Narmer missions. 
Fixed a noticeable hitch that could occur when opening the Mission Progress screen in Break Narmer missions.
Fixed a large hitch that could occur during specific cutscenes in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed function loss caused by attempting to melee as Drifter in a specific segment of the The New War Quest, resulting in a total progression stop. 
Fixed being able to interact with the Spectral Drifter in "The Wild Hunt" segment of The New War Quest, resulting in a variety of unintended behaviors. 
Fixed various Exalted Weapons using the wrong Stance when previewed in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Cascadia Empowered Arcane and Wyrmling's Aid Decree being able to trigger each other recursively. 
Fixed energy color not applying to Zhuge's bow string. 
Fixed enemies with Overguard being affected by the Malicious Code Parazon Mod when they should be immune to crowd control effects. 
Fixed the Ludoplex being unable to be placed in various sections of the Orbiter. 
Fixes towards Companion MOAs with Security Override being unable to hack certain terminals in Jupiter Spy missions, resulting in pathing issues. 
Fixes towards function loss when using Transference and interacting with Merulina in rapid succession as Yareli while experiencing high latency. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when loading into various Captura scenes. 
Fixed the Domestik Dais Drone's headpiece being doubled while moving. 
Fixed Gammacor being incorrectly rotated in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed Spira and Spira Prime appearing too large in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed offset issues with the Impetus Prime Syandana while equipped on Wisp. 
Fixed being unable to open the Mods screen from the Railjack Upgrade screen in the Dry Dock. 
Fixed Incarnon Genesis Weapons having stretched UI icons. 
Fixed player names persisting above inactive Warframe while controlling Necramech if they have Lasp Gasp unlocked in their Focus School. 
Fixed the "Incarnon Form" UI indicator missing for the Burston Prime while it is active. 
Fixed the Salvaged Kuva Ayanga in the "Junk Run" Break Narmer mission duplicating and lingering on Kahl after switching to melee. 
Fixed the sound effects for the final Kaithe race gate not triggering for Clients when crossed. 
Fixed Valkyr's Hysteria dampening too much of the player's game sound.
Fixed Clients not receiving Conservation transmissions upon successful capture. Now, all Conservation transmissions are squad-wide!
Fixed not spawning in the Observatory when returning to the Dojo from a mission that was started in the Observatory.
Fixed being able to explode two Immunodes at the same time in the Veilbreaker Quest. 
Fixed being unable to chat link the Gotva Prime. 
Fixed being unable to chat link many Resource-based, Prex Card, Floof, Steel Path, Fighter and Mastery Slate Decorations (e.g. Alloy Drum Decoration). 
Fixed non-Duviri rewards being awarded after spawning Kaithe during The Steel Path Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed the description for the Hounding Kubrow Sigil missing punctuation. 
Fixed issues with the Void Angels' animations after being attacked by Khora's Venari. 
Fixed being unable to place Dojo Decorations if Warframe is within a certain vicinity. 
Fixed a small gap in a Kuva Asteroid room's ground texture. 
Fixed the Thrax Centurion having walking animation issues.
Fixed Thrax Centurions' Shields and Armor not resetting after using their revive ability. 
Fixed Waistbands attaching to Drifter's feet when equipped onto the Clearvoy Prime Suit. 
Fixed Lephantis' Grineer head disappearing briefly during cutscene. 
Fixed the hole in the Lephantis arena having collision after defeat, causing players to float above it. 
Fixed being unable to cancel the Bullet Jump animation in Lunaro. 
Fixed Sugatras not attaching correctly to the Venka's left claw and most Hammer Weapons and Skins. 
Fixed Cavalero's mission complete transmission playing after aborting Zariman missions via the elevator. 
Fixed crash related to Ropalolyst's beam attack. 
Fixed the guiding light in the Apostasy Prologue Quest not moving. 
Fixed Pazuul Axium's having loot markers when they are invisible. 
Fixed Converted Kuva Lich not firing their weapons (notably Arch-Gun Weapons) when attacked by enemies. 
Fixed the animations of a Converted Sister of Parvos not playing properly if they have the Tenet Diplos equipped. 
Fixed Steel Path Teshin transmissions playing when completing normal Zariman missions. 
Fixed Grand Master Founders seeing their name replaced with numbers when looking at the Honored Grand Masters panel in the Relays. 
Fixed Drifter's hood getting put back on after conversing with Teshin in his Cave during The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed the Little Helper Hat not sitting correctly on Kubrows with the Fabled Kubrow Fur Pattern equipped.
Fixes towards Scorpion enemies propelling players into the air when grappling from higher elevation. 
Fixed the Kuva Kraken's alt-fire not leaving behind surface hit effects. 
Fixed Dax Herald and Dax Arcus enemies leaping very large distances across Undercroft maps. 
Fixed asterisk appearing instead of comma in damage numbers when playing on Windows 11. 
Fixed flickering occurring in the "Prison Break" Break Narmer Mission tileset. 
Fixed Medusalyst Towers missing their projectile turrets if you die before reaching that room in the "Prison Break" Break Narmer Mission. 
Fixed rare case where the double release room could be skipped in the "Prison Break" Break Narmer Mission. 
Fixed an unlit wall in the Infested Ship tileset. 
Fixed blurry ground texture in the Undercroft Park Captura Scene, Upperhaven in Duviri, Mount Nang in the Plains of Eidolon, and the underside of some Landing Crafts during Extraction cutscene if the High Shader Quality if toggled off. 
Fixed Affinity showing as "Expired" in the end of mission screen when loading back into the Orbiter after completing a mission with a Quest active. 
Fixed the Sun & Moon missing its aerial attack slash trail VFX. 
Fixed Altra Sentinel Mask's description being a filepath. 
Fixed offset issues with many Chest attachments when equipped on the Dex Drifter Suit. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Iridos Chest Plate. 
Fixed three Nightwave Acts planned for the next Nora's Mix appearing in rotation without being properly hooked up. They will become available once the next Nora's Mix has begun! 
Fixed the Domestik Dais Drone not roaming around the Dojo. 
Fixed being able to push ragdolled enemies around with beam weapons. 
Fixed the axis rotation arrows being unnecessarily large for the Duviri Dojo 16m Railing Dojo Decoration. 
Fixed Volt Prime's details on his lower back flailing around while you run. 
Fixed weird animation issues when interrupting a double jump with a normal jump. 
Fixed Shawzin emote not deactivating when another player activates Extraction. 
Fixed Archwing reticle not being affected by increasing HUD scale in settings. 
Fixed the "Ammo Maximum" stat for Kitguns showing in the millions when viewed in the Inventory screen. 
Fixed Clients losing function after returning to the Host's Dojo after a mission. 
Fixed Signa offset height not matching the players settings in the Look Link diorama. 
Fixed the "To enter Chrysalith, first invite all Squad Members to your Dormizone" pop-up occurring in the middle of the screen after changing the HUD scale. 
Fixed script error and squad UI becoming unresponsive as Client if Host leaves just prior to returning to Dry Dock. 
Fixed several agents missing walk behavior, causing them to stand still. 
Fixed a rare issue that allowed players to pause the game for everybody in their squad.
Fixed HDR Output not actually turning off when Anti-Aliasing is set to something other than TAA 8X (HIGH). 
Fixed damage numbers for orbs from Kaithe races appearing above Brimon.
Fixed being able to bring the protective sphere from the Void Angel fight back to the Zariman. 
Fixed Dual-Wield Pistols counting for "The Old Ways" Nightwave Act.
Fixed the Intrinsics menu getting stuck on screen when squad loads into Duviri from Teshin's Cave portal. The menu will now close when loading in to prevent this from occurring. 
Fixed Virminks losing their original body colors. Happy critter noises.
Fixed some Arcane Helmets not being allowed in Conclave and Lunaro and are purely cosmetic in Conclave game modes!
Fixed Last Gasp UI sometimes not appearing on subsequent uses of this ability in one mission. 
Fixed Diriga's Electro Pulse Precept applying additional Electricity status effects based on FPS.
Fixed scaling on Star Chart Nodes sometimes causing them to appear squished or hard to see.
Fixed on-hover Stat descriptions in Market dioramas showing "|amount|" instead of the % value for Armor reduction. 
Fixed "Build Armament" menu persisting if the Pause Menu is opened while it is active. 
Fixed a case of screen tearing in the Veilbreaker Quest opening cinematic. 
Fixed a noticeable hitch when opening Navigation due to the Naberus event tab icon. 
Fixed squadmate names appearing in incorrect positions with HUD scaling over 100 on very low Video Resolutions. 
Fixed wall panel in Corpus Ship Spy vaults flickering in and out of view. 
Fixed Glyph on Sacred Vessel from the Sands of Inaros Quest appearing transparent. 
Fixed flickering on Viral Status effects on the Volnus.
Fixed unintended ground texture in Undercroft Tileset. 
Fixed ground texture seam in the Amphitheatre Undercroft Tile. 
Fixed casting Vauban's Photon Strike with the Imperator equipped in the Orowrym fight causing the player to be stuck in a looping Archgun equip animation. 
Fixed a bug where distant textures would be streamed in at max-resolution. 
Fixed the Corpus Reinforcement Beacons not expanding when at the edge of the screen. 
Fixed case where Reflex Denial's pulse damage was greatly reduced after initial pulse. 
Fixed overlapping transmissions if opening the Codex while a transmission is currently playing. 
Fixed Status Proc icons appearing under squadmate username when aiming over their player avatar. Now these icons will appear beside their name to improve legibility. 
Fixed Drifter beards clipping through the Dex Drifter Hood while opened. Equipping the Dex Hood with the hood opened will now make facial hair disappear.
Fixed Conquera II Ephemera particles not reacting to the player kneeling or crouching. 
Fixed Purified Bloom Ephemera effects constantly flickering.
Fixed glow on Archwing Articula being very bright when viewed from far away.
Fixed several Shawzin control and cursor issues when using Steam input or XInput:
Fixed mouse cursor lingering on screen during the difficulty selection. 
Fixed immediately failing song and losing function after using keyboard input. 
Fixed the "Select Difficulty" input not working after completing a song for the second time. 
Fixed input to use Transference on the Orowyrm in Duviri not functioning on Steam Deck. 
Fixed issue where the launcher settings dialog appeared too small on Steam Deck.
Fixed an issue where logging out of an account on the Steam Deck would prompt multiple sign-in boxes upon returning to the sign-in page.
Fixed an issue where players using Steam input couldn't open chat in the Oorbiter or hubs without first opening the pause menu.
Fixed an issue where Warframe, running via Steam with Steam Input enabled in the game settings, did not recognize a controller when plugged in after the game had started. 
Fixed an issue in The New War Quest that could prevent Teshin from grappling on Steam Deck.
Fixed a controller login issue where the cursor needed to be over the password field to login.
Fixed an issue where using Steam Input caused the Shawzin exit animation to be abruptly cut off and opened the pause menu.
Fixed the "Change Instrument" option not working when using Shawzin.
Fixed an issue where confirmation dialogs on the Steam Deck were missing prompt callouts, preventing players from knowing which bindings to use for actions such as starting quests or subsuming Warframe abilities. 
Fixed Steam input issue when selecting difficulty during Duviri Shawzin side-objective.
Fixed Steam input issue when swapping spears during fishing.
Congrats Tenno!! You made it to the end of 77 pages of patch notes! Thank you for reading and thank you for Warframe
we hope you enjoy Abyss of Dagath!

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.9
**Date:** 2023-09-12T17:06:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.9:
Made further improvements to how the launcher handles updates being interrupted mid-way through patching the launcher.

### Fixes
Fixed Latron Prime's Incarnon Mode not benefitting from the Double Tap Mod. 
Fixed Clients experiencing loss of function after Host migration in the Undercroft. 
Fixed getting stuck as Operator in the Undercroft and being unable to Transference back to your Warframe in the 8th stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest.
Fixed the mission select UI in the Zariman elevator incorrectly showing "Halako Perimeter" instead of the intended "Tuvul Commons" for the first mission of The Angels of the Zariman Quest.
This was purely a UI issue, Tuvul Commons was always the first mission played regardless of what was indicated in the elevator. 
Fixed Madurai's Power Transfer and Unairu's Poise not triggering reliably if Client has low frame rate (below 30 FPS). 
Fixed being able to buff Exodia Contagion's projectile damage with heavy attack multiplier by performing a series of specific parkour movements.
The movements in question allowed for heavy attacks to be performed mid-air instead of triggering the intended ground slam, which then caused the Heavy Attack damage multiplier to be applied to the projectile.
In this Hotfix, we've specifically removed the interaction that buffed its damage, as heavy attacking mid-air is not possible otherwise.
We understand that this was a popular combination due to its ability to land wild damage numbers, but it was dependent on a movement animation bug and went beyond the original design for the Arcane. 
Fixed players who have not unlocked the Steel Path being able to join Steel Path missions when invited by Host from Dojo. 
Fixed several issues with the following weapons when they appear as an offering in Teshin's Cave: 
Fixed the Perla Dual Pistol Skin only being applied to one of the Dex Furis.
Fixed Claw and Fist weapons sitting perpendicular to one another.
Fixed the fist and feet components of Sparring weapons overlapping each other. 
Fixed the Tenet Agendus sitting perpendicular to its Shield.
Fixed Ghoulsaw sitting too far to the right in its display.
Fixed several mining locations in the Orb Vallis missing its veins and heat spots (notably at Fortuna Elevator, Deck 12 entrance, and Reflector Control). 
Fixed the Vapor Trail K-Drive Mod's Boost Speed buff being the same (+10) for both Rank 9 and 10. Rank 10 will now give +11 Boost Speed.
Fixed being unable to chat link the Mag & Frost Prime Dual Pack. 
Fixed being unable to chat link the Altra Sentinel Mask. 
Fixed several script errors in the Paragrimm's Tomes objective in Duviri. 
Fixed being unable to place decorations near to the Orokin Lab in the Dojo.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.8
**Date:** 2023-09-06T17:43:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.8:
Updated the Cetus Wisp description to indicate better how to obtain them. 
"Most common at night, these stone lifeforms are drawn to shorelines touched by the Eidolon. They linger around lakes on the Plains of Eidolon at all hours. Their origin remains mysterious."
We have an additional QOL change coming to Cetus Wisps in the upcoming Abyss of Dagath Update
stay tuned!

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to chatlink the Gotva Prime.
Fixed being able to use Transference in the second stage of the Duviri Paradox Quest, resulting in players being stuck as the Drifter.
Fixed various pathing issues with Executioner Zura in Dog Days. 
Fixed Medusalyst Towers not having their projectile weapon if Kahl has died before reaching them in the "Prison Break" Break Narmer mission.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.7
**Date:** 2023-08-31T15:38:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.6
**Date:** 2023-08-25T15:28:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.6:
Don't mind us, Tenno! This is a totally inconspicuous Hotfix completely unrelated to our exciting TennoCon event tomorrow. We're looking forward to seeing you all in London, Ontario -
or virtually at twitch.tv/warframe. The fun starts at 12:30pm ET!

### Fixes
Fixed stealth kill sound effects not playing at the proper time for the Argo & Vel. 
Fixed being staggered while opening the Decrees Menu resulting in function loss.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.5
**Date:** 2023-08-21T20:48:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.5:
Happy TennoCon week, everyone! The team is buzzing with anticipation for the big day on the 26th and we can't wait to see you. This Hotfix tackles a couple of things we wanted to get out before Saturday, including the Anku Incarnon changes that were mentioned in last week's Hotfix. See you soon!
Added clarification to Anku's Incarnon Form description and function. Now, successful slide attacks grant +3 Range and inflict guaranteed Bleed Status Procs for all attacks for 6s. 
Previously, the Anku's Incarnon form would increase the bias towards Slash damage, but the result was not as impactful as we hoped. Now, this has been replaced with guaranteed Bleed Procs.
While making this change, we found that all melee attacks following a Slide Attack were able to maintain the Incarnon buff (instead of just the intended Slide attack), so long as the attack animations were uninterrupted. We have fixed this issue and incorporated this functionality as a 6s timer, to better facilitate this unintentional, but obviously desirable interaction. So overall, the mechanic is now much more comprehensible and achievable!
Added clarification: Some may have noticed that after last week's Hotfix the description had been changed, but not the functionality
which is now live! 
Increased Anku's Evolution II damage buffs for the Edge of Justice and Guardian's Promise upgrades from +20 to +50. 
Updated Angstrum's Incarnon Form description to specify that "direct hits" charge Transmutation, as per the change that went out in last week's Hotfix. 
Fixed the Gammacor Incarnon not clearing its charges when reverting back to its non-Incarnon form.
Added design credit to community fan artist Illusive19 in the Nihil Recall Glyph's description.
Fixed performance issues (frequent stuttering and a gradual increase in GPU-load) in DirectX 12 playing in Open Landscapes. 
An automatic rebuilding of the DirectX 12 shader cache will occur over the first few missions, which will cause similar performance issues to occur. But it should remedy itself once the cache is rebuilt.

### Fixes
Fixed Emote Wheel popping up when trying to swap to Fishing or Conservation gear on SteamDeck. 
Fixed being unable to exit out of recovering the Paragrimm's Tomes on SteamDeck. 
Fixed cursor remaining on screen while recovering the Paragrimm's Tomes on SteamDeck. 
Fixed Titania remaining in Razorwing form during the extraction animation if triggered as Operator. 
Fixed the Warframe selection UI in the second stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest lingering on screen after choosing to return to Orbiter from the pause menu. 
Fixed the Shockwave Dojo Decoration being invisible and non-interactive after it has finished building. 
Fixed a wall in the Host's Landing Craft in the Drifter Camp having no collision and appearing low-res to invited Clients.
Fixed several script errors related to Transference in the Undercroft in the first stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest. To prevent further issues, Transference is now disabled during this Quest stage. 
Fixed a script error related to Garv in the Cambion Drift Bounties. 
Fixed interacting with your pet in the Dormizone causing them to freeze in place. 
Fixed getting stuck infinitely loading in Deck 12. 
Fixed Scyto Raknoid jumping into the ceiling and out of the arena in the "Sneaky Sabotage" Break Narmer mission. 
Fixed the teleport volumes in the new player tutorial stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest sending players back to the beginning of the course.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.4
**Date:** 2023-08-15T19:19:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.4:
The changes below apply to the base and variant versions of the weapons. Please note that we're also reviewing the Anku Incarnon for our next Hotfix.
Gammacor:
Charging the Incarnon Transmutation gauge is now twice as fast!
Increased the explosion damage of its Incarnon projectile from 620 to 660 (Synoid from 760 to 800). 
Increased the Critical Chance bonus from Evolution IV Perk 1 (Critical Parallel) from 18% to 20% (Synoid from 6% to 10%). 
Increased the Critical Chance from Evolution IV Perk 2 (Survivor's Edge) from 10% to 12% (Synoid from 4% to 6%) and the Status Chance from 6% to 10% (Synoid from 4% to 6%). 
Increased the Status Chance from Evolution IV Perk 3 (Elemental Balance) from 12% to 20% (Synoid from 6% to 10%).
Angstrum:
Now uses direct projectile hits instead of headshots to charge its Incarnon Transmutation gauge. 
The projectile must physically hit an enemy in order for it to count towards the charge, not the AOE damage dealt to them within proximity of the projectile. 
Improved tracking, speed and targeting of the Incarnon projectiles and added more ricochets off the walls to make it easier for them to land. 
Increased the Critical Chance bonus from Evolution IV Perk 1 (Critical Parallel) from 10% to 14% (Prisma from 6% to 10%). 
Increased the Critical and Status Chance bonus from Evolution IV Perk 2 (Survivor's Edge) from 6% to 9% (Prisma from 4% to 6%). 
Fixed being unable to reload the Prisma Angstrum after switching to Incarnon Form. 
Fixed Angstrum's Incarnon Form altering the ammo pool of the equipped Primary weapon.
Boar:
Changed the way Elemental Balance's Status Chance bonus (we will be doing the same for Survivor's Edge in a follow up hotfix) applied to be consistent with the Strun Incarnon: Now it applies to each projectile instead of being divided by the Multishot count.
Prior to the above change, Elemental Balance's 12% Status Chance bonus would grant 7.5%
9% per projectile. Now it grants 7.5%
19.5% per projectile.
Gorgon:
Removed the initial charge delay on Incarnon projectiles fired and replaced it with an automatic trigger type. 
In other words, you can now hold the fire weapon input to continuously fire its projectiles as long as a charge is available. The former 1.2 second charge delay is its new auto fire rate. 
Adjusted projectile detonation times so that it better matches the fire rate of each variant (base version having the longest and Prisma the quickest). 
This goes hand in hand with the two above changes, with the initial charge delay removed and replaced with an automatic trigger there was room to establish a better rhythm for detonation while firing in auto. Instead of many projectiles taking a while to detonate, they will now roughly do so around the next auto shot fired.
General Incarnon Fixes:
Fixed the Evolution VI Incarnon Challenge (Complete a mission with an Incarnon Weapon in every slot) not completing for the Felarx, Innodem, Laetum, Phenmor and the Praedos when using weapons with Incarnon Geneses installed. 
Fixed the Lex Incarnon Genesis' final evolution challenge (Get 5 Headshots with this weapon in Incarnon form in a single mission) considering headshots from all weapons. 
Fixed the Sibear Incarnon Genesis' Evolution II "Thane's Wrath" perk missing its UI icon. 
Fixed the "Incarnon Form" text missing from the bottom right UI elements for the Gammacor and Synoid Gammacor while in Incarnon Form.
Player Overguard now protects against Arctic Eximus' slow auras. 
Overguard granted by Styanax's Intrepid Stand Augment Mod is now capped at 15k (at 100% Ability Strength), which scales with Ability Strength. 
Outside of maintaining the status quo (excluding Rhino's Iron skin, which requires skillful timing to scale), the Augment allowed for infinite amounts of Overguard to be stacked effortlessly and quickly, which could trivialize challenging content and limit future design space. The survivability and team support element that players have been enjoying on Styanax is still preserved, just at a more practical level to encourage more dynamic play.
Overguard granted by Frost's Icy Avalanche Augment Mod now stacks on cast (up to 15k, which scales with Ability Strength) instead of keeping the highest value from the original or recast.
The following changes have been made to address feedback that the fight feels a tad too challenging on the Steel Path. 
The Corrupted Jackal Asssassination mission will now appear at stage 4 and onwards in The Circuit to ensure players have had a chance to earn more Decrees before taking it on. 
Slightly reduced Jackal's health and the number of grenades Jackal fires in phases 1 & 2.
Wisp Prime's cowl cloth has been returned to her helmet instead of her body as intended. As reported here:
The Prisma Ohma is now tradeable!

### Fixes
Fixed active Warframe Abilities (ex: Voruna's Ulfrun's Endurance Augment Mod, Equinox' Maim, Gauss' Redline, and Ember's Immolation) getting deactivated and reset at the end of each Stage in the Circuit. 
This was caused in our attempt to fix the issue with being able to teleport out of the Undercroft and back into the Duviri landscape using Wisp's Breach Surge or Wil-O-Wisp in the Echoes of Duviri update. We have reverted that fix in order to address all abilities being affected. 
Fixed melee weapons with projectiles launched from heavy attacks (Glaives, Gunblades, Edun, Argo & Vel, etc.) causing Kullervo's Wrathful Advance to potentially miss its target. 
Fixed dual wielding Glaive and Pistol causing loss of function after casting Kullervo's Wrathful Advance. 
Fixes towards being revived causing the camera to turn 90 degrees after Transference. As reported here:
This is a workaround non-code solution to address the majority of the camera issues with reviving. A Code fix is still required to fix it in its entirety, which means that you may still encounter it in certain scenarios (e.g. Last Gasp). 
Fixed slow loading players being prevented from entering Deck 12 if another player began the fight during the loading process. Those players will now be automatically teleported to the fight upon loading in. 
Fixed the Prime Details toggle missing for Wisp Prime while her Dex Skin is equipped.
Fixed the flame VFX missing from Wisp Prime's Helmet. 
Fixed Atlas' Landslide not increasing the amount of rubble dropped from Petrified enemies by 50% as intended. 
Fixed being invisible after closing the game and rejoining the in-progress Orowyrm fight during the Kaithe stage. 
Fixed the new Captura Scenes released with Echoes of Duviri not appearing in Acrithis' Wares. 
Fixed general control binding callouts appearing during The Duviri Paradox Quest instead of the intended Drifter ones. 
Fixed incorrect binding callouts appearing during the Drifter combat tutorial in The Duviri Paradox Quest if the "Melee with Fire Weapon Input" option is enabled. 
Fixed controls for the Ludoplex minigames (Frame Fighter, Happy Zephyr, and Wyrmius) not working when using Steam input. 
Fixed controls for Komi, Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes, and the security cameras in Break Narmer missions not working when using Steam input. 
Fixed being able to fire weapons during Wisp's Sol Gate ability after casting it and then immediately following it with Dispensary (Helminth). 
Fixed "HUD not initialized" dialog appearing when starting Exterminate and Mobile Defense missions from the Crysalith elevator. 
Also fixed the enemy kill count to not displaying correctly in Exterminate missions under the same start condition. 
Fixed stealth melee kills not counting towards the "Close Up Kills" Break Narmer challenge (Kill 3 enemies with melee). 
Fixed Grineer allies disappearing after dying and respawning in the "Junk Run" and "Prison Break" Break Narmer missions.
Fixed an error popup ("You must complete the Vox Solaris Quest") preventing players from speaking to Eudico after returning from the Orb Vallis during stage 5 of the Vox Solaris Quest. 
Fixed the Wisp Prime Skin icon in the Arsenal appearing as a blank square. 
Fixed shields (from Sword and Shield Melee weapons) sitting backwards on Baruuk's arm when his Doan Skin is equipped. 
Fixed the Protovyre Apex Syandana clipping into the Drifter Keeler Suit. 
Fixed offset issues with the Left Prisma Daedalus Shoulder Guard when equipped onto the Drifter Keeler Suit. 
Fixed the right Emblem offset being too far forward on all Limbo skins when equipped on Limbo Prime. 
Fixed several offset issues with leg attachments equipped on Kullervo. 
Fixed offset issues with chest attachments equipped on the Drifter Saita Prime Suit. 
Fixed offset issues with the Imugi Prime Shoulder Plate equipped on Gauss. 
Fixed offset issues with shoulder attachments equipped on the Nova Atomica Skin. 
Fixed being unable to equip the Balefire Einheri skin on Hildryn's Balefire Prime. 
Fixed the Cognitive Relay Facial Accessory sitting weirdly on the Duviri Drifter. 
Fixed the Demolyst's beep SFX at times slightly offset if in a far away room.
Fixed the Syam, Azothane, Edun, and Sampotes missing several SFX with various Melee Stances. 
Fixed an issue with the sample used for Sevagoth's Sow SFX. 
Fixed the Bronco Prime not leaving bullet holes in the environment. 
Fixed a rare bug where Nihil's health bar could go missing. 
Fixed several HUD script errors related to the Nihil fight. 
Fixed double spacing in the Wisp Prime Accessories Pack. 
Fixed a crash that could occur if Host returned to a town hub before Client managed to get into the open landscape. 
Fixed a rare crash when going from town to landscape and failing to connect.
Fixes towards being unable to chat link several Kavat and Kubrow Fur Patterns. 
Fixed being unable to chat link the 2023 Pride items and the Pride Celebration Color Palette. 
Fixed text appearing cut off in the in-game Market after opening a chat link. 
Fixed being able to equip Primary weapons in the Dojo after using the Shawzin emote. 
Fixed the Accessibility Color Palette not being available in the Customize HUD Colors screen if accessed in-mission. 
Fixed Kahl (summoned from Skaut's "Kahl Beacon" Air Support) not shooting when commanded to hold position.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.3
**Date:** 2023-08-03T18:45:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.3:

### Fixes
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow Haze Augment buff applying inconsistently based on Ability Range. The Critical Chance bonus will now be consistent regardless of your modded Ability Range stat. 
Fixed Kahl being unable to aim down sights after exiting security cameras in Break Narmer missions. 
Fixed Client Drifter Melee appearing invisible and not saving customization when their appearance is changed via the Mirror in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed being unable to customize the Sun & Moon sheath in Teshin's Cave. Drifters will now see the missing "Attachments" option in this weapon's Appearance menu. 
This also fixes Drifter Attachment colors applying to the Sun & Moon sheath in Duviri. 
Fixed Swooping Miasma Decree not applying Viral status to enemies who are asleep. 
Fixed Kexat's Pounce Decree not being triggered while airborne during Titania's Razorwing, Hildryn's Aegis Storm, or Yareli's Merulina. 
Fixed a % appearing before Chatlinks in a Clan's Message of the Day as per: 
Fixed a [PH] tag appearing for returning players of a host migration after completing the Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed being unable to Chatlink various items, including:
TennoCon 2023 Digital Pack items
Various Star Days Glyphs
Rhino Dex Noggle
Fixed a script error that could occur when attempting to customize your Drifter in the Orbiter. 
Fixed Jackal restoring health and spawning enemies for returning players if a host migration occurred during the final finisher of the fight.
Fixed becoming invisible and losing physics after dying as Sevagoth's Shadow in the Undercroft. 
Fixed blocking in the Drifter Melee tutorial in the Duviri Paradox Quest not being counted if players swapped to a different Drifter Config via the Mirror in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed "Waiting for Players" message remaining indefinitely on Client screens if Host is pulled into the Confront Kullervo objective while Maw Feeding.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.2
**Date:** 2023-08-01T15:01:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added Incarnon descriptions to the on-hover pop-up in the Steel Path Circuit reward selection screen.
Added the ability to dismount the Ropalolyst via the melee input.

### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.2:

### Fixes
Fixed mashing the Cipher button resulting in a total loss of input, meaning players would not be able to leave the hacking screen. 
Fixed players losing functionality after accessing cameras in Break Narmer missions.
Fixed Facial Accessories no longer appearing with the Stranger's Hood equipped and Hood toggled off. 
Fixed Circuit Assassinate Jackal not being given the same "boss-type" classification as other assassination targets.

## Echoes of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.1
**Date:** 2023-07-31T18:32:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Duviri: Hotfix 33.6.1:
You can also access this page by visiting warframe.com/droptables to be redirected. Even if you use the old link, don't fret -
it should now redirect to you the correct page as well.
Increased the Larkspur Prime Riven disposition from 0.5 to 0.6. 
As mentioned in our Riven Disposition changes post -
it simply missed the update! 
Updated the "Duviri Steel Path is locked" message to indicate which nodes need to be completed in order to gain access.

### Fixes
Fixed Clients attempting to do Finisher the Jackal in the Circuit sometimes not properly registering, allowing players to deal damage without progressing the fight stage, leading to players becoming progstopped.
Fixed Host Migrating in the middle of a Pazaron Finisher to the Jackal in the Undercroft resulting in the remaining players being progstopped. 
Fixed Enhanced Damage Numbers missing their outline. 
Fixed players receiving self-damage from the Glaive that spawns from the Argo & Vel Heavy Attack. 
Fixed the ability to sell/dissolve Mods in the Vor's Prize Quest, resulting in a progstop. 
Fixed various offset issues with the Clearvoy Drifter Suit. 
Fixed a crash related to Specters being unable to pick up certain types of ammo.
Fixed missing "How to Obtain" description for the new Duviri Captura Scenes that appears when they are unowned. 
Fixed missing pieces of floor in the Void Tileset. 
Fixed Argo & Vel's shield appearing to float on certain Warframes. 
Fixed incorrect Sugatra attachment point on the Argo & Vel. 
Fixed the Accessibility color palette using the Easter Palette icon.
Fixed Brimon's dialogue options appearing in all caps. The Drifter no longer yells "CHALLENGE ACCEPTED", but you are still welcome to in your free time. 
Fixed Wisp skins without custom Motes not using Mote Prime when equipped on Wisp Prime.
Note: This does not affect Wisp Skins that have custom Mote textures (like certain TennoGen items, etc.)
Fixed Iron Skin in Conclave giving Rhino 60s of invulnerability instead of the intended 0.5s once depleted. 
Fixed High Shader Quality toggle appearing on even if disabled in dx12. 
Fixed issue where Anku Incarnon didn't properly benefit from Range and Slash Damage bonus on Slide Attacks, and didn't inflict any status effects.
Fixed Grendel's Feast not functioning correctly for Clients, resulting in the inability to use Nourish or Regurgitate, amongst other issues.

## Update 33.6: Echoes of Duviri
**Date:** 2023-07-27T15:01:49Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a "Drifter Mastery" category to the Mastery Breakdown on player profiles. 
Previously, Drifter Intrinsics were counted in the Railjack Mastery category. 
Added on-hover tooltip in the Melee Combos screen to provide more details (Stats, Status Effects, etc.).

You can now purchase additional Appearance Config Slots for your Operator/Drifter! Click on the + icon next to the ABC configs to purchase with Platinum. 
Added a new "Hermit's Landing" label to the Duviri Minimap. 
Added a pop-up countdown message when players are being teleported to the Confront Kullervo objective in Duviri.

### Changes
Click Here To Share Feedback And Bug Reports In The Dedicated Sub-Forums:
Echoes of Duviri is a Mainline Update!
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of The Seven Crimes of Kullervo is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things can slip through the cracks so we will be looking at reports here for any fixes and changes for follow-up Hotfixes to come.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit "The Warframe Lexicon for Updates" to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
Please visit our "Known Issues" thread for an update on the top priority bugs and issues we are currently tracking.
* Players can equip or unequip this Shroud on Wisp Prime as an Auxiliary attachment.
Now that Wisp Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault for a future Prime Resurgence rotation. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Nidus Prime
Strun Prime
Magnus Prime
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Rank 4 The Perrin Sequence sacrifice of Magnus Prime Barrel with Knell Prime Barrel. 
Replaced Rank 5 Steel Meridian sacrifice of Nidus Prime Neuroptics with Garuda Prime Neuroptics. 
Replaced Rank 5 New Loka sacrifice of Nidus Prime Neuroptics with Garuda Prime Neuroptics.
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers, but we have taken a different approach for this update and have postponed Disposition decreases
check the full details here:
Purchase the Collection in the in-game Market or purchase each individual Visage Ink from the Drifter Appearance tab.
Gain instant access to the Argo & Vel for both Drifter and Warframes with Platinum from Teshin's Cave or the in-game Market. Or unlock it with Pathos Clamps for Drifter use and gain its blueprint to craft in the Foundry for Warframe use.
In order for the expected time to complete Assassination to stay in line with other game modes, the Jackal fight has been modified from its original form on Venus. Jackal in the Undercroft will have three phases instead of four, and will be protected by reinforcements between phases.
On defeat, Jackal will drop Rune Marrow and has a chance to drop the Jackal Sigil.
Trauma Clamps are hazards that can be found throughout the Undercroft.
Breaking them open will pull in both Tenno and their foes alike, trapping them for a moment and imparting effects determined by the current Spiral.
The range at which players will be drawn in is smaller than that of your enemies, but still take care when activating them.
Use these strategically, as only a few spawn per Undercroft Tile.
However, as the Void does work in mysterious ways, there is a chance of further Trauma Clamps spawning after a hazard is unleashed.
Thrax's Spirals will augment Trauma Clamps with the following effects:
Sorrow: Cold Damage and Status
Anger: Heat Damage and Status
Fear: Electricity Damage and Status
Envy: Toxin Damage and Status
Joy: Void Damage and Status, plus healing that will seek out nearby players.
New Incarnon Geneses are being added to the Circuit Steel Path reward path! Once acquired, players can install them into the applicable weapons by visiting Cavalero on the Zariman.
Here is the updated Offering Rotation Schedule for the Steel Path Circuit:
As previously discussed on Devstream 172, the intention behind this experiment is to offer players the option to pay-to-skip should they desire, while ensuring that the free acquisition path is not prohibitive for players. Only these 5 new items will be available for Platinum via this experiment, and will become available following the Weekly Reset on July 30th.
Brand new Warframe Augment Mods are available from Syndicates Offerings!
*Stats below are shown at Max Rank.
Available in the Arbiters of Hexis and The Perrin Sequence offerings.
Available in The Perrin Sequence and Cephalon Suda offerings.
Available in the Red Veil and Steel Meridian offerings.
Available in the New Loka and Arbiters of Hexis offerings.
Values marked with an asterisk* can be stacked and are shown at max.
Undercroft Dax Camp Scene
Undercroft Lodging Scene
Undercroft Lunaro Scene
Undercroft Township Scene
Undercroft Outskirts Scene
Crater Cay Scene
Dais Cay Scene
Winding Isles Scene
Little Cay Scene
Basin Cay Scene
Image above shows view of the entry to the Harbringer's Pass Dojo Room.
Image above shows a view of the inside of the Courtier's Bliss Dojo Room.
Due to the unique nature of these rooms, only one of each can be placed in your Dojo.
Enhanced Damage Numbers
Overguard for Warframes
Cold, Impact, and Puncture Status Changes
For our visual learning Tenno, take a look at the Enhanced Damage Numbers in action with Lead Game Designer Pablo!
Overall Damage Number Changes:
Whether you are using Legacy or Enhanced Damage Numbers, these new settings will be available with Echoes of Duviri:
Damage Number Scale
Custom scaling of your damage number text size, from 50 to 300!
Additionally, Damage numbers will no longer scale with HUD scale setting as they used to. So you can customize the HUD and the numbers separately.
Compact Damage Numbers
This Toggle will shorten large numbers for legibility (i.e. 100,357 would be shortened to 100k)
Enhanced Damage Numbers Setting
With this new setting toggled on, players can expect to see the following:
Refreshed Damage Number Appearance
A punchier presentation of damage numbers, with an updated font treatment to improve legibility. For reference of what this looks like in action, refer to Pablo's video above.
Prioritized Critical Hits
Player damage output varies wildly from damage over time (DOT) from Status Effects to powerful Critical Hits.
Previously all types of Damage were treated the same in the Damage Number cycle: meaning, Critical Hit Damage Numbers often disappeared quickly if there were a lot of small DOT procs happening concurrently.
From a gameplay side, this had no impact on the actual damage done to your enemies, but it meant the true impact of your Critical Hits was not always communicated to you as clearly as we would like.
Custom Ability Damage Treatment
Since your Abilities traditionally cannot Crit, these attacks tend to have less oomph. Now Ability Damage has its own Damage Color so that it will stand out amongst the rest!
Like all other Damage Numbers, you can customize Ability Damage colors in the "Customize Hud Colors" menu (found in the Interface category of your Accessibility Settings).
Melee Damage Numbers
With Legacy settings, Damage Numbers appear at the point of contact, often off-screen or otherwise obstructed by Melee attacks.
With Enhanced settings, Melee Damage numbers will now travel with you to improve visibility and will travel with the attack movement as well. Again, this is best illustrated in Pablo's video for those who want to see this in action!
Now that players have access to Overguard consistently, we have made some adjustments to improve the quality of life in this new health state:
Consistent Proc Immunity
Due to the variety of sources of Overguard, there were occasionally inconsistencies in how it behaved in regard to Proc Immunity. With Echoes of Duviri, all sources of Player Overguard will offer Full Proc Immunity while active.
Overguard Depletion Protection
Similar to Shields, Player Overguard will now offer a brief moment of invulnerability (currently 0.5s) once depleted. This window will prevent players with Overguard from being one-shot, as damage to Overguard will no longer carry over into your Health or Shield pool once depleted.
Upon launch, we will closely monitor feedback on this mechanic change to see if further adjustments are needed.
NOTE: This Overguard Depletion Protection applies only to Player Overguard, not Overguard seen on enemies.
Hit Impact Visuals 
Similar to taking damage to your Health or your Shields, Overguard now has its own unique appearance when attacked. Damage will no longer cause blood splatters while Overguard is active, and we have added a unique metallic hit effect that better communicates having a layered shell protecting you.
Additionally, players will no longer flinch while taking damage with Overguard active. 
(NOTE: This has no gameplay function other than looking cool)
Puncture Changes:
Weakened Status Effect Buffs:
Increased the debuff to enemy attacks from 30% to 40% on the first stack.
Reduced the maximum amount of stacks from 10 to 5.
Increased per-stack debuff from 5% to 10%. 
Increased the total debuff at Max Stacks from 75% to 80%.
Weakened Status Effect Additions:
Increases Critical Chance threshold on enemy by 5% per Stack, to a maximum of 25% at 5 Stacks. This is additive after mods, not before. Does not apply to Abilities or AOE damage.
Impact Changes:
Stagger Status Effect Changes:
Reduced the maximum amount of stacks from 10 to 5.
Increased the Mercy Threshold from 4% to 8% per stack.
Functionally, this allows for players to trigger early Mercy kills with less stacks required!
NOTE: These changes should not affect the functionality of Impact Stacks for Mods such as Internal Bleeding or Hemorrhage.
Cold Changes:
Freeze Status Effect Changes:
Increased the maximum amount of stacks from 8 to 9.
Increased the additional per-stack Slow from 3.5% to 5%. 
Increased the maximum Slow effect from 75% to 90%. 
While we previously mentioned buffing Cold Slow Effect to 85% in our Citrine's Last Wish update, we mistakenly only increased it to 75% instead.
Freeze Status Effect Additions:
Increased the Critical Damage taken by an enemy by 10% on initial Status Effect Subsequent Stacks increase this debuff by 5%, up to a maximum of 50%. This is additive after mods, not before.
Updated the Duviri Steel Path access message to properly indicate what nodes must be completed to access the Steel Path, as previously announced in this PSA. 
Removed the Duviri Starting Path from the New Player Experience. Now, all new Tenno will start with the Vor's Prize Quest, and the Duviri Paradox will be available to them after its completion. 
After months of review of player behavior, we are making this change to give all new players an accurate representation of core Warframe gameplay before we introduce them to the magic of Duviri. Offering two Starting Paths for new players was an experiment -
and not one we regret -
but a key part of experimentation is continued iteration after the fact to ensure the best player experience possible. Tenno who already chose the Drifter Path should not be affected!
Removed a Dax Arcus spawn point in Castle Town that could bother players visiting Acrithis after the Orowrym fight. 
Pathos Clamps, Kullervo's Bane, and Steel Essence will now appear in the reward banner that appears at the top of the screen in Duviri instead of sliding in from the side. 
Updated the waypoint marker functionality when retrieving the Orvius from the Rablit in the Orowyrm fight. Upon approaching the area where the Rablit spawns, a new waypoint will appear on the Rablit directly, telling you where to grab your Orvius from!
Added improvements to the area marker for the "Hidden Chest" objective to help guide players to the Chest. The area marker will shrink as time passes, and will disappear entirely once the Chest is found.
Improved the transition from Paragrimm back to Drifter after completing the "Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes" Objective. Now, the screen will fade to black during the transition, and the Tome on the Paragrimm's pedestal will no longer glow once the objective is completed.
Missed note: Removed Luscinia's Opera singing in the Undercroft. 
Due to the smaller tile, the singing was easily triggered a lot with players crossing paths with it often which created a lot of auditory noise. 
Enable Hint Transmissions toggle in your Audio Settings will now also apply to non-critical game mode transmissions in the Undercroft. When toggled off, Teshin will wax a little less poetic about Void Angels and choose instead to watch your progress silently from afar.
The Duviri Shawzin screen will now auto-close after completing the song and earning the side objective reward. Re-entering the Shawzin screen after the initial completion will not automatically exit you out for any further songs you play. 
This change was made to remove the awkward waiting period after finishing your song before you earned your Decree. Now it will automatically close once your Decree is earned, and you can simply interact with the Shawzin again if you wish to continue your jam session.
Modular Components that can earn Mastery will now show if that component is Mastered when viewed in a Vendor Menu (ex: viewing Zaw Strikes at Hok).
Reduced the intensity of camera static effect when using Security Cameras in Break Narmer missions. As per: 
Improved the visibility of Cortege's beam when using a black energy color with lower GPU Particle Quality settings. 
Kullervo will now turn to face the direction of the reticle when casting Collective Curse while stationary. 
Adjusted Kullervo's Wrathful Advance teleport to accommodate for his melee attack movement, meaning players are less likely to slide right past enemies. 
Improved the transition between the death and ragdoll animations to be more natural and smooth. Also improved enemies getting up and recovering from a ragdolled state. 
Slightly smoothed and improved the Rifle aiming animation. 
Player HUD and Chat scale values now change based on chosen video resolution if those settings are set to the default values, or if you are starting the game for the first time.
Increased the IPS (Impact, Puncture, Slash) Damage of the following Mods: 
Rupture
Increased Impact Damage from 30% to 90% 
Disruptor
Increased Impact Damage from 30% to 90%
Piercing Hit
Increased Puncture Damage from 30% to 90% 
Flechette
Increased Puncture Damage from 30% to 90% 
Sawtooth Clip
Increased Slash Damage from 30% to 90%
Shredder
Increased Slash Damage from 30% to 90%
Concussion Rounds
Increased Impact Damage from 60% to 90%
No Return
Increased Puncture Damage from 60% to 90%
Razor Shot
Increased Slash Damage from 60% to 90%
Updated the Incarnon Form transformation animations for the Dual Toxocyst. 
Updated the Conservation animal map icons to match their respective Echo Lure colors. 

Updated the Platinum and Regal Aya purchase screens to be more streamlined. 
Common Cambion Drift resources (Ganglion, Lucent Teroglobes, and Pustulite) no longer trigger the special resource notification when picked up in the landscape. 
These special resource notifications are meant to highlight uncommon or rare pick-ups in-mission. Players will still be able to see common Cambion Drift resources via the regular resource pick-up notification -
we're just saving that special pop-up for harder to find items! 
Removed a feature where certain bosses scaled their level based on your equipped Mods.
This is a remnant of an older Warframe system that scaled difficulty based on your Mod loadout. As a result, enemies like Captain Vor might be anywhere from level 10 to 30, depending on how "powerful" your equipped Mods were during your encounter. 
With this feature removed, now all bosses will always spawn at a consistent level on the regular Star Chart.
Increased the size of the Polychrome context action so that it's more accessible at odd angles.
Blitz Eximus will no longer target Defense Targets with their shockwave attack, but the Defense Target can still be injured by it if hit.
Implemented experimental cached shader prefetch for DirectX 12 to reduce hitches and visual pops. This may also reduce load-times because it moves shader compiling earlier in the loading process and may avoid the loading screen waiting for the driver. 
Note: Because this changes the shader cache format it will take some time to reach maximum performance as you rebuild your cache (this is typically required after a large update since shaders need to be reached, even for DirectX 11).
Made experimental optimizations for processors with hybrid architectures (eg: 12th Gen Intel). 
Optimized small hitches in DirectX 12 that could occur when transmissions or menus with 3D backgrounds appeared. 
Made micro-optimizations to memory footprint in the resource system to save over 70 KB. 
Made micro-optimizations to engine startup and level loading. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading for all platforms. 
Made optimizations to sound pathing. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to rendering performance. 
Made optimizations to level loading. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the content update system.
Made small performance fixes when playing The Duviri Paradox Quest.

### Fixes
Fixed the default Steam Input layout not working for all Drifter controls. 
This also fixed a bug that was doubling controller stick sensitivity if you were using Steam Input. 
Fixed being unable to accept Friend Requests with Steam Controller Input.
Fixed Decrees with a mobility trigger (ex: Temporal Acceleration, Ranger's Reload, etc.) not applying while Yareli is riding Merulina. 
Fixed the "Between the Eyes" Decree not applying bonus damage to Melee and Power Strike damage. 
Fixed Table for Two side objective near Mathila's Farm being uncompletable due to inaccessible void beam spawn point. 
Fixed self-damage being dealt to Grendel after Feasting on enemies that are taking damage from Status dealt by allies. As per: 
Fixed Undercroft Portals not spawning if squadmates were speaking to the Warden or confronting Kullervo. 
These were disabled to fix issues caused by part of the squad being in the Undercroft waiting room when the Kullervo fight started. Now, these Portals will spawn but cannot be entered until the Kullervo encounter has ended (or you say "no" to the Warden).
Fixed the Secondary Outburst Arcane consuming one less than the indicated Combo Counter (e.g. the UI displayed 15 but the value used for the Arcane was 14). 
Fixed side objective and main Spiral stage Undercroft Portals repeating the same mission back to back. 
The same mission type can still appear in the same session (i.e. Survival → Excavacation → Survival), but now they will not be all the same for all portals (Survival → Survival → Survival). 
Fixed Eximus in the Undercroft, Simulacrum, and Sanctuary Onslaught not dropping their guaranteed ammo.
Fixed Drifter Power Strikes getting canceled if you block or quickshot while it is spooling up. 
Normal Drifter melee attacks can still be canceled by blocking and quickshots. 
Fixed Kaithe not spawning for players in Steel Path Orowyrm fight if they are riding Merulina as Yareli. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck as Drifter in the Undercroft after getting pulled into the lobby and using Transference. 
Fixed being unable to use Transference in the side objective Undercroft missions after completing the Orowyrm fight in The Duviri Experience. 
Fixed dying before the Orowyrm cutscene causing the cinematic to be completely empty and losing function after it has completed. 
Fixed consecutive Heavy Attacks not resetting the Melee Combo multiplier. 
Fixed Clients being unable to rejoin Undercroft missions. 
Fixed Rauta's melee combo counter increase not applying with Garuda's Talons equipped as your melee weapon. 
Fixed Kullervo's Wrathful Advance ability always equipping your Primary weapon after casting, even if your Secondary weapon was equipped prior to the cast. 
Fixed Dax units in Duviri having an increased resistance to cold procs.
Fixed floating Silphsela disappearing when the Sun Silph they spawned from is destroyed.
Fixed Kullervo's Wrathful Advance dealing inconsistent damage when used with Gunblades.
Fixed all weapons that gain charges from kills (not headshots) to activate their alt-fire (ex: Trumna, Sepulcrum, etc.) not gaining charges from kills caused by their own status damage. 
Fixed Exodia Might not triggering on Mercy Kills. Previously it would only trigger on Finishers performed by your actual Zaw (versus your Parazon, etc.).
Fixed Torid's Renewed Horror perk not doubling duration on the damage field duration on first shot as intended. 
Fixed Evolution perks not being reflected in the Incarnon Weapon's upgrade screen stats in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Latron's Incarnon Mode not benefiting from the Double Tap Augment Mod. 
Fixed Furis' Haven Foray Incarnon perk not applying its bonus damage from Overshields. 
Fixed being able to self-stagger using the Ceramic Dagger Incarnon heavy attack.
Fixed rewards and resources earned not appearing in the End of Mission screen upon extracting via the "Leave Duviri" option. 
These were already awarded upon leaving via this method, they simply were not reflected properly in this End of Mission Screen!
Fixed subsequent Excavation Stages in the Circuit not showing Cryotic progress UI. 
Fixed the Relic rarity gauge UI always showing as Radiant in the Fissure Mission Relic selection screen. 
Fixed being unable to start certain missions from the Alerts Bar (ex: Void Fissures) when selected on the Duviri Region Screen. 
Fixed cases of Main Story objectives in Duviri not appearing in the HUD if players moved far from the objective and then returned.
Fixed Sirocco's Overcharge reticle UI missing when reloading while mounted on Kaithe as Client. 
Also fixed Sirocco's magazine count going down by more than one after the first shot. 
Fixed interacting with the "Incarnon Upgrade Available" prompt in your HUD while already in the "Evolve Incarnon Weapons" Menu at Cavalero resulting in function loss.
Fixed a case of double Objective UI caused by having a Kaithe Race story stage after completing an Undercroft Portal on Duviri.
Fixed Objective Waypoints not appearing on the Advanced Duviri Map. 
Fixed a case of double Objective UI caused by having a Kaithe Race story stage after completing an Undercroft Portal on Duviri.
Fixed Host migration sending Clients to another Host that has their matchmaking set to Solo, leaving them in a non-functional state. 
Fixed an issue where Clients would see other players fall through the map when they mount a Kaithe. 
More fixes towards Recompense putting Kullervo into bleed-out if Ability Strength is high enough. 
Fixed Vulpaphyla Larvae being able to block Kullervo's Wrathful Advance. 
Fixed Host migration causing the graves in Duviri to lose their context action for the remaining players. 
Fixed ammo for Drifter and Warframe weapons getting auto-refilled upon mounting Kaithe. 
Fixed hitching that would occur when loading into Teshin's Cave to select a Warframe during The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed Clients being unable to perform a Ground Slam if they have Excalibur Umbra equipped. 
Fixed players that are permanently downed (no revives left) being revived after Host migration. 
Fixed Hema consuming more Health than intended on reload if equipped with a "Reload While Holstering" Mod. 
Fixed the camera standing still after transitioning to the Paragrimm in the "Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes" objective.
Fixed being able to begin Maw Fishing while the Confront Kullervo objective starts, resulting in your Drifter being teleported into the water instead of to Kullervo's Hold.
Fixed loss of function caused by accessing other menus while Maw Feeding. 
As a result, we have disabled the ability to use the Pause Menu while partaking in this activity.
Fixed a floating Ueymag on Kullervo's Hold. 
Fixed Sythel appearing on the Duviri Landscape during the Fear Spiral. 
Fixed players experiencing function loss if Transferring to their Operator while sliding. 
Fixed Akstiletto skins not replacing the magazine type on the Prime model. 
Fixed Transference Excalibur Umbra going invincible and A-posing instead of kneeling when defeated. 
Fixed Excalibur Umbra being stuck in a kneeling pose if Transference is used while spamming inputs. 
Fixed being able to walk behind the portal in Teshin's Cave without being teleported to Duviri. 
Fixed Vor continuing his monologue if killed before he starts talking in the Circuit Exterminate.
To remedy this, his monologue starts sooner upon spawning.
Fixed Jordas Golem sometimes getting stuck after spawning. 
Fixed players floating mid-air if standing upon the Juggernaut Behemoth boil before it spawns in Jordas Golem Assassinate missions.
Fixed a hitch in the Cambion Drift Steel Path Bounty stage "Cleanse the Land". 
Fixed Mods sometimes not applying to Garuda's Talons in Duviri. 
Fixed being able to slide as Drifter while performing a Power Strike. 
Fixed the glowing FX from the Apostasy Prologue Quest persisting in the Personal Quarters after completing the Quest. 
Fixed being able to exit the map using Kullervo's Wrathful Advance. 
Fixed being able to teleport out of the Undercroft and back into the Duviri landscape using Wisp's Breach Surge or Will-O-Wisp (if there was a Reservoir placed in the landscape prior to entering the Undercroft). 
Fixed kills done with certain Decrees (such as "Bombastine's Malice") counting as Ability Kills for the Nightwave Act "Power Trip". 
Fixed dotted shadow textures when SSAO quality is High and TAA is turned off.
Fixed FSR upscaling being available for GPUs that do not support it, resulting in a black screen. 
Fixed issues with Steam Prices not loading showing 0.0000 in price instead of properly reflecting the error.
Fixed broken textures near a cave on Kullervo's Hold. 
Fixed a map hole in the Corpus Ship tileset, just big enough for a Razorwing Titania to fly through. 
Fixed a console in the Gas City tileset missing its screen. 
Fixed the Gas City skybox having a blank space. 
Fixed a map hole in one of the roads on the west side of Duviri.
Fixed a spot-load that could occur while spawning Liminus. 
Fixed a few short hitches that could occur in The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed Kuva Liches with Dual Pistols equipped using single-handed weapon aim poses when crouched.
Fixed the Conclave team rebalancing message being localized to the Host's language regardless if the Client uses a different language launcher.
Fixed offset issues for the Avia and Protovyre Chest pieces on the Orizu Drifter Suit. 
Fixed offset issues for the Asa, Kunshu, and Telos Syandana on the Orizu Drifter Suit. 
Fixed offset issues for Vetala Prime shoulder and leg pieces on Railjack Crew. 
Fixed various offset issues with the Iridos Chest Plate. 
Fixed offset issues for leg armor on the Baruuk Doan Skin. 
Fixed the Iridos, Ki'Teer and Maggor Chest Pieces not laying flat on Kullervo's chest. 
Fixed Emblems attaching at weird points on Revenant Prime after removing the Revenant Prime Armor and swapping skins.
Fixed various offset issues with Krtrima Armor pieces on several Warframes. 
Fixes towards several offset issues with Arm and Chest attachments on the Bishamo Hawk and Lark Armor set for Drifter. 
Fixes towards several offset issues with Arm and Chest attachments on the Bishamo Hawk and Lark Armor set for Drifter. 
Fixed various offset issues with Aesopex Armor pieces. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when clicking on a look link from chat. 
Fixed crash related to Corrosive procs. 
Fixed a brief flash of brightness in the end of the mission screen. 
Fixed rare crash when dying as a Warframe while being ragdolled. 
Fixed rare crash related to enemy AI movement.
Fixed rare crash when loading into the Duviri Experience. 
Fixed rare crash related to the Kullervo boss fight. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when loading procedural levels. 
Fixed a rare case of desync between Client and Host after idling for a long time in Duviri.
Fixed rare crash in Kaithe section of the Steel Path Orowyrm Fight if a player lost their Kaithe after a host migration. 
Fixed a rare crash caused by going through the Portal in the "Shades of the Undercroft" section of The Duviri Paradox Quest after idling for a significant amount of time. 
Fixed a rare case of disconnecting from the server after very long play sessions.
Fixed camera swinging around wildly when mounting Kaithe in Duviri. 
Fixed being unable to unequip Archgun in the Orowrym fight after deactivating an Exalted ability (e.g. Hildryn's Aegis Storm) with the Archgun equipped.
Fixed the aliases of recently added friends not appearing in the UI list (only their platform and Mastery Rank icons would be seen). 
Fixed Clan Affinity not updating immediately after rushing a Dojo room / decoration that gives Clan Affinity.
Fixed Clans earning Clan Affinity for rooms that are not fully constructed. This only affects existing Clans that have those rooms placed in their unfinished state, and those Clans who build these rooms following this update.
Fixed Waterfall (Gentle) Dojo Decoration VFX disappearing when viewed from certain angles. 
Fixed enemies getting stuck on one of the catwalks in the Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed rare crashes that could occur on PC when using multiple accounts where some used the Optimized Flip-Model and others did not. 
Fixed flickering between skybox and terrain in Duviri when SSAO is set to high on DirectX 12. 
Fixed rare crash when using DirectX 12. 
Fixed script error related to Yareli. 
Fixed script error related to Cipher hacking.
Fixed Clients maintaining Drifter UI while playing as Warframe after being teleported into the Orowyrm Arena. 
Fixed Orowyrm rings not taking damage from Hildryn's Balefire. 
Fixed texture flickering in the extraction area in the last stage of The Archwing Quest. 
Fixed being unable to chat link the following: 
Several Sigils
Several Regular and Prime Noggles (Harrow, Revenant, Khora, Garuda) 
Operator Accessories
Lanex Syandana
Ogris Iridos Skin 
Orowyrm's Sanctum Display
Eximus Advantage and Metamorphic Magazine Mods
Hero of Duviri Display
Drifter Keeler Suit
Fixed the Orowyrm Orvius Rablit spawning mid-air if the Materlith statue is by bushes. 
Fixed floating resource container in the cave east of The Agora in Duviri. 
Fixed being able to see through the map from a staircase in the Orokin Tower tileset. 
Fixed Grineer enemies taking cover and not attacking unless damaged by players. 
Fixed script error related to Cipher hacking.
Fixed using the Navigation console after a completed Railjack mission and attempting to go to the dry dock resulting in an endless timer.
Fixed Landing Crafts appearing blurry docked in Relays with Motion Blur on. 
Fixed camera hanging after interacting with the "Find the Paragrimm's Lost Tomes" pedestal in Duviri. 
Fixed an issue where Liminus enemies would ambush players if the Host was AFK in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Mods being rewarded for Spiral stages after completing the Kullervo fight. 
Fixed rare case where two Orowyrms could spawn during the Steel Path fight, causing several issues. 
Fixed Void Flood objective UI lingering into the next Undercroft stage. 
Fixed Rescue the Prisoner objective as a Spiral stage taking a long time to officially end after successfully completing it (in other words, it would take a long time to transition to the next stage). 
Fixed performance getting progressively worse in the Duviri landscape after triggering a Ghost Mirror side objective. 
Fixed the Drifter Vest being see-through at certain angles. 
Fixed issue where certain conditional animations would stop working under specific circumstances (e.g. head tracking would stop working while playing a looping emote once you had the camera facing behind the player, never to reactivate for the duration of that emote). 
Fixed extraction portal VFX doubling if Host migration occurs in the extraction zone in Duviri. 
Fixed Clients being targeted and attacked by enemies in Duviri while controlling the Paragrimm. 
Fixed offset issues for several Syandanas when equipped on Kullervo. 
Fixed the "Gather Enough Samples" Bounty objective UI no longer showing a counter for the collected samples. 
Fixed the Rune Marrow dropped from Corrupted Vor in the Undercroft appearing as a Mod. 
Fixed losing UI and not seeing the Dax Gladius cutscene if squadmates triggered it while you are far away. 
Fixed the Gauss Nitrolyst Helmet animations and VFX not appearing correctly during Redline. 
Fixed becoming invisible on the bridge in the Castle Town Captura Scene. 
Fixed unlit rocks by the Chamber of the Muses in Duviri. 
Fixed a flat texture sticking out of the ground by the Lunaro Court in Duviri. 
Fixed small texture gap by the Upperhaven in Duviri. 
Fixed several pillars and walls in the Orowyrm arena missing collision. 
Fixed multiple parts of Kullervo's Hold clipping or missing textures. 
Fixed the extraction timer triggering from town hub to open landscape (e.g. Cetus to Plains of Eidolon) even if Client doesn't leave the tunnel. 
Fixed several languages translating "+10x" stat lines incorrectly. 
Fixed being able to install the wrong Segment during the Vor's Prize Quest, resulting in a progression stop. 
Fixed Clients not receiving rewards from Maw Feeding if they are Feeding at the same location and the same time as the Host. 
Fixed Undercroft enemies not spawning if a Host Migration occurred while in the Undercroft waiting room. 
Fixed being stuck in a loading tunnel if you experienced a host migration during the End of Mission Screen after abandoning a Railjack Mission.
Fixed the "Repeat Mission" button in the Circuit End of Mission screen not taking you to the Circuit Menu. 
Fixed various terrain issues (including a floating tree!) across the Duviri landscape. 
Fixed Host migrating while on the Duviri Landscape resulting in a non-functional waypoint marker being added to the map if the player has enough Intrinsics to rank up. 
Fixed a script error triggered by the Phage in the End of Mission screen. 
Fixed the Energy Orb drop chance of Trinity's Pool of Life Augment not scaling with Power Strength, as per: 
Fixed an issue where Specters spawned by Sisters of Parvos would incorrectly clone your modular weapons, leading to occasional crashes and an otherwise non-functional melee weapon for the Specter. As a bonus, your cloned Specter will now properly apply your weapons' color schemes so you can fight them in style. 
Fixed dying in Duviri sometimes resulting in you respawning in the wrong area (ex: respawning in the Undercroft waiting room after you've already been teleported to the actual Undercroft mission, etc.). 
Fixed a piece of floating grass in the Undercroft waiting room. VERD-IE would be proud!
Fixed Clients being invisible if they were in the middle of Maw Feeding at the conclusion of the first stage of the Orowyrm fight, and were transported to the Arena while still in Maw-form. 
Fixed Clients not seeing the lit torch lights in the Undercroft Waiting Room. 
Fixed the Defense, Survival, and Void Flood missions only using the Undercroft Opera Tile for Bounty Stage Undercroft portals. 
Fixed a crash caused by Sister of Parvos-spawned Kullervo Specter using Wrathful Advance. 
Fixed exiting and re-entering the "Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes" Objective resulting in the player exiting the objective without any input.
Fixed a performance issue that could be caused by an interaction between Kullervo's Collective Curse and Sentient faction damage resistances.
Fixed the Golden Maws in The War Within Quest not rendering properly during cutscene in which the Maws capture the Operator. 
Fixed an issue with decal clipping in the Zariman Ten Zero tileset.
Fixed certain areas of the Grineer Forest tileset having see-through areas. 
Fixed an antenna hanging in mid air in one of the Enigmas in Duviri. 
Fixed an Aggristone Formation floating in the air near Royalstead Pastures in Duviri. 
Fixed a wall missing lighting in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed the Kullervos in the cells in Kullervo's Hold having an odd VFX between their feet.
Fixed Titania getting stuck in an endless falling loop during the Chains of Harrow Quest due to Razorwing.
Fixed the Kullervos in the cells in Kullervo's Hold having an odd VFX between their feet.
Fixed the Foundry "crafting started" SFX occasionally not playing. 
Fixed the Drifter Melee Power Strike charging SFX continuing even after it has been executed.
Fixed a lighting issue on the Akjagara. 
Fixed Styanax's Tharros Strike triggering an unintended sound effect for Clients. 
Fixed a leftover blocking volume near Bombastine in The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed the Drifter occasionally using the wrong idle animation. 
Fixed a case of broken waypoint navigation in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed Host migration causing the Operator model in the Table for Two side objective to have stretched out neck and limbs.
Fixed Broken Turbines in the "Reconnect the Power Lines" objective on Duviri where it still appeared broken even if the objective was completed.
Fixed players slightly clipping into the ground upon disembarking their Liset in the Relay arrival cinematic.
Fixed teleport sound playing for all squad members invited to the Drifter Camp when transitioning between sections of the Orbiter.
Fixed elevated floor collision in the Grineer Shipyard tileset. 
Fixed Clients being targeted by enemies while playing the Shawzin Side Objective on the Duviri Landscape. 
Fixed players that are invited to a friend's Drifter Camp seeing Kahl's Garrison fully ranked even if the Host has not reached max rank in the Syndicate. 
Fixed being unable to install Helminth Segments if another Orbiter Segment is queued to be installed. 
Example: Unable to install the Helminth Archon Shard Segment if a Kubrow is waiting to be claimed and the Kavat Incubator Segment is queued to be installed.
Fixed the skybox disappearing when loading into stages of The Circuit.
Fixed a few rare crashes when leaving Duviri and returning to the Orbiter. 
Fixed a rare crash when leaving your mission during the 'Assemble the Shrine' objective on Duviri. 
Fixed Wisp using the incorrect reload animation for throwing knives.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.6
**Date:** 2023-07-07T14:26:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Seven Crimes Of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.6:
Small hotfix to address the following priority issues.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.5
**Date:** 2023-07-06T16:09:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Seven Crimes Of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.5:
Our EULA has been updated from its last iteration (dated June 27, 2017). Upon downloading today's hotfix, you will be prompted to read and accept the new EULA via the launcher before launching Warframe. Please thoroughly read the EULA in its entirety before agreeing to it. Learn more here:
The following changes have been made to address top player feedback regarding Kullervo's survivability. We are still collecting feedback for potential future changes.
Increased Kullervo's base Overguard cap from 5,000 to 10,000. 
Added Ability Strength scaling to Kullervo's Overguard cap. 
Increased Kullervo's Recompense base self-heal from 125 to 250 at rank 0 and 200 to 350 at max rank.
Increased Kullervo's base Health from 225 to 325. 
Added a brief invulnerability window to Recompense's cast. 
Fixed Kullervo's Storm of Ukko ability triggering SFX from Nova's Molecular Prime ability. 
Fixed Archwing not having any Shields if using Kullervo.
As mentioned on Devstream #172, the following Kullervo change requires code and will be coming in the next update. Learn more about update terminology here.
Adding a 0.5 second Invulnerability window to Kullervo once Overguard is depleted.
Rauta Changes:
The following changes have been made to address player feedback regarding Rauta's damage concentration. We are still collecting feedback for potential future changes.
Increased Damage Falloff ranges from 6m-16m to 10m-20m.
Reduced its overall pellet spread.
Made the following changes to the Power Lines objective in the The Covetous Courtier stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest: 
Reduced the number of Power Lines needing to be reconnected from 3 to 1.
Added waypoints to each nodule needing to be targeted to reconnect the line. 
Added hint text to help players understand the objective. 
Updated the description of the Chatty Ordis Community Glyph to credit the correct artist.
Updated the speed of the VFX on the Zhivira Shoulder Armor to match the artist's intent. 
Added cloth physics to the Vikasa Aegis Chest Armor to match the artist's intent. 
Updated the Hidden Chest objective text when they are located in caves.

### Fixes
Fixed black screen on Steam Deck after using alt-F4 and reopening Warframe.
Fixed Resource Boosters not affecting resources earned from SPROUT in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed players getting stuck in the Undercroft lobby during the Kullervo fight after Host was teleported in by Client. 
Fixed losing control of Paragrimm in the Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes side objective when another player triggers the Kullervo fight. 
Fixed permanently losing Kaithe after not selecting your own (from the Kaithes that spawn) and being downed while riding it during The Steel Path Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed Archon Boreal at times being fully invincible during his screeching ability (even if you are within the sphere) in Archon Hunts. 
Fixed being unable to remove an Incarnon Genesis from a weapon if it is the only weapon that has one installed. 
Fixed being able to choose and play the Duviri Steel Path nodes even if you haven't completed the regular ones. 
If you have cleared all of the Duviri Steel Path nodes without the regular ones prior to this hotfix, you will have to do so again in the intended way (complete normal Duviri nodes and then the Steel Path nodes) to receive the Duviri Steel Path rewards. 
Fixed being unable to spawn Kaithe after being forcefully dismounted by running past a Table for Two side objective and then teleporting away using fast travel. 
Fixed revive UI using the wrong button input callout while using a controller. 
Fixed Eximus units appearing in the Undercroft Defense stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest.
Fixed Teshin's Rablit not spawning in stage 6 of The Duviri Paradox Quest
causing a progress halt. 
Fixed getting stuck in the Duviri/Railjack region screen after selecting the active Call of the Tempestarii/The Duviri Paradox quest button at the top of the Navigation UI. 
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Reckoning Augment Mod not scaling with Duration or Ability Strength Mods.
The UI indicated that they were, but it was not applied in-mission.
Fixed the number of Tomes required in the Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes side objective not adjusting to squad size after Host migration (always requiring 3 instead of scaling). 
Fixed Cryotic earned from one Excavation side objective Undercroft Portal carrying over to the next.
Fixed the waypoint marker from the Drifter's Guiding Hand ability lingering on Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes side objectives after completion. 
Fixed rare issue of getting a non-existent Primary weapon as an option in Teshin's Cave offerings. 
Fixed the co-op Paragrimm's Hutch Enigma at Kullervo's Hold spawning in Solo Duviri missions. 
Fixed negative Mod capacity displaying negative number in Arsenal after selling/trading an equipped Aura Mod. 
A pop-up will now appear when attempting to sell/trade an equipped Aura Mod, informing players where the Mod is equipped so that it may be unequipped to sell/trade. 
Fixed being unable to select an answer on the Zariman Tablets found in Duviri until after transmissions have completed. 
Fixed the MK1-Braton missing from the Advanced Movement tutorial sequence. 
Fixed the UI on the Zariman Tablets being squished together if you interact with it while a transmission is playing. 
Fixed Decree selection UI overlapping with pause menu when using a controller. 
Fixed UI overlap in The Circuit reward path selection. 
Fixed UI overlap occurring when selecting categories in the Arsenal and opening loadout screen. 
Fixed players hearing the wrong SFX for the Drifter's Restorative ability if cast by someone other than themselves. 
Fixed Baruuk's Lull ability SFX not playing in their entirety if cast quickly in succession.
Fixed strange orange line appearing when casting Drifter's Guiding Hand ability. 
Fixed far away players hearing the Kullervo's Hold bulletin SFX when triggered by another player. 
Fixed VFX missing when cleansing Conservation animals in Duviri. 
Fixed Gauss' Nitrolyst Helmet Redline VFX color always defaulting to blue regardless of the custom color selected in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Sun Silph floating seeds not moving towards the player if they are close enough to collect them. 
Fixed Sun Silph floating seeds not despawning when the plant does as you leave its spawn radius. 
Fixed hitching related to the plants from SPROUT loading into Teshin's Cave upon arrival.
Fixed erroneous eye light VFX on Tamms and Kexats in Duviri. 
More fixes towards Syandana offset issues when equipped on the Drifter/Operator Orizu Suit. 
More fixes towards armor offset issues with the Drifter Harrier and Saita Suits. 
Fixed offset issues with the Krtrima Leg Armor. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Protovyre Apex Syandana (Warframes and Drifter). 
Fixed collision missing on some of the decorative walls on the Archarbor island in Duviri.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.4
**Date:** 2023-06-28T19:22:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Seven Crimes Of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.4:
Added caches to the Enigma room at Kullervo's Hold after successfully completing it. 
Resources collected from SPROUT in Teshin's Cave are now affected by Resource Boosters. 
Updated the objective text for Hidden Chests located inside caves to indicate such.
Optimized memory used by DirectX 12 for multi-threaded rendering, particularly for PCs with many cores. 
Also fixed potential performance issues with playing on DirectX 12 with PCs not using a 8-core/16-thread processor. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to rendering performance. 
Made general systemic micro-optimizations. 
Made micro-optimizations to engine startup and level loading. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading. 
Made optimizations to sound pathing.

### Fixes
Fixed Defense waves resetting after Host migration in the Undercroft. 
Fixed Kullervo's Recompense being able to put him in bleed-out if Ability Strength is high. 
Other Warframes with a Health cost mechanic, such as Garuda and Inaros, prevent their self-damage from going beyond 2 Health. Kullervo's Recompense now also has this preventative measure. 
Fixed extremely high damage numbers caused by the Fortifying Will Decree interacting with Armor buffing abilities (e.g. Rhino's Iron Skin and Chroma's Elemental Ward/Vex Armor). 
Fortifying Will grants 15% (at max) Ability Strength for every 50 Armor, which was creating an endless feedback loop with Armor buffing abilities and causing extreme numbers to be reached (at times reaching the billions).
In order to fix the above and prevent any further issues, Fortifying Will now has a 500% Ability Strength cap.
We want players to continue to enjoy the power that Decrees grant without exceeding levels that are game breaking.
With the change above, we have also fixed the following issues: 
Fixed the aforementioned abilities not working at all after several casts. 
Fixed infinite and permanent armor stacking gained from casting Rhino's Charge back to back with the Ironclad Charge Augment Mod equipped.
Fixed always getting the same Arcane (and possibly the same resource) from all available side objective Undercroft Portals in The Duviri Experience. 
Fixed Last Gasp UI and VFX lingering for Clients after getting teleported out of the Undercroft. 
Also fixed instant death upon using Transference Surge once returned to the Duviri Landscape. 
Fixed being stuck as Warframe in Duviri if teleported from the Undercroft lobby to the Kullervo fight in The Duviri Experience. 
To address the above and prevent any further issues, the Kullervo fight cannot be started until after all players have returned from the Undercroft. A warning message will appear to inform players if that is the case. 
Fixed unranked Arcane Power Ramp giving 100x more Ability Strength than was intended (+2%, stacking up to 4x). 
Fixed Dragon Keys not unequipping from loadout and affecting gameplay in The New War Quest. 
More fixes towards FOV randomly resetting after certain Duviri objectives.
Fixed Clients losing Sirocco after returning to the Duviri Landscape after defeating the Orowyrm. 
Fixed mirrored Operator in Ghost Mirror side objectives spawning in unreachable places if the encounter began while flying above it. 
More fixes towards launcher-related issues: 
Fixes towards the launcher crashing upon hitting "Play." 
Fixes towards crashing on launcher startup. 
Fixes towards the launcher going all black. 
More fixes towards a crash that could occur after changing some Upscaling settings and starting the game with DirectX 12.
More fixes towards rare crashes that would occur on laptops with both an Nvidia RTX GPU and an Intel IGP. 
Fixed Drifter Melee weapon being invisible upon returning to the Duviri landscape from the Undercroft if an automatic weapon was being fired at the time the player was teleported. 
Fixed the Config screen in Teshin's Cave only showing the weapon/Warframe's base stats (not appearing affected by Mods).
Fixed installing Forma reverting previously modified Configs. For example: Changes to Config A would revert after adjusting Config B and then installing a Forma. 
Fixed the Bo, Strun, and Vasto (base and variants) Incarnon's Evolution IV challenge description not stating that it requires "slide attacks" to complete. 
Was: Kill X enemies with this weapon.
Now: Kill X enemies with slide attacks. 
Fixed several elements of the Enigma at Kullervo's Hold not functioning (i.e. Glyphs missing from totem), making it impossible to complete. 
Fixed the Felarx Incarnon's Evolution V challenge description appearing as a file path. 
Fixes towards Drifter's Guiding Hand ability not guiding anywhere if cast while airborne. 
Fixed loss of function from changing tabs in the Crew Contracts screen of the Configure Railjack console. 
Fixed blinding VFX occurring when dual wielding the Furis Incarnon with a Glaive weapon. 
Fixed issue where Decree SFX could get cut abruptly. 
Fixed certain elements of the Enigma located in Kullervo's Hold not working. 
Fixed permanent black screen caused by spawning Kaithe immediately after interacting with the Find the Paragrimm's Tomes side objective in Duviri. 
Fixed Undercroft Portal VFX causing them to appear active during the Orowyrm fight when they were indeed not. 
Fixed the context action to interact with Kullervo's bulletins appearing while riding Kaithe. 
Since it cannot be interacted with from Kaithe, it won't appear until after you dismount. 
Fixed a brief flash of brightness in the end of the mission screen. 
Fixed Corpus Coildrives in the Orb Vallis not moving until players get close.
Fixed the Nikana Krtrima Skin's tooltip in the in-game Market's Featured tab stating that you do not own Nikanas even when you do. 
More fixes towards offset issues with the Drifter Saita Prime Suit. 
More fixes towards armor offset issues with the Drifter Harrier Suit (notably the Protovyre Shoulder Armor, TennoCon 2019 Shoulder Plates, and Sorex Shoulder Guards). 
Fixes towards the portal in Teshin's Cave at times not appearing. 
Fixed security camera VFX not being culled through walls. 
Fixed a crash related to processing in the Undercroft. 
Fixed a crash caused by Host migration during the Kullervo Fight. 
Fixed the in-game Market "Show All" label for Premium Bundles on the Featured page indicating there were more Bundles than what is actually available. 
Fixed rare crash related to the Kullervo boss fight. 
Fixed rare crash that could occur when the Ghoul Devourer uses its abilities.
Fixed several script errors in the Ghost Mirror side objective in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error in the first stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed a script error caused by Khora's Venari. 
Fixed a script error caused by Kullervo's Recompense. 
Fixed a script error in the UI. 
Fixed a script error caused by attempting to join a mission and losing internet connection at the same time.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.3
**Date:** 2023-06-23T19:43:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Seven Crimes Of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.3:

### Fixes
Fixes towards crash on game startup with the new Upscaling options enabled. 
Fixes towards Steam Deck crashing on startup and after changing display settings.
Find the Warframe Launcher's files (these are examples, your specific location may be different depending where you choose to install the game)
Windows Standalone clients: %localappdata%\Warframe\Downloaded\Public\Tools\CEF3_1\V5\
Steam clients: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\Steamapps\Common\Warframe\Tools\CEF3_1\V5\
Epic clients: C:\Program Files (x86)\Epic Games\Warframe\Downloaded\Public\Tools\CEF3_1\V5\
Download icudtl.zip from our website:
Unzip icudtl.zip and put icudtl.dat into the "V5" folder that you found in step 1 (icudtl.dat, 10424816 bytes, CRC 1E8E24D9)
Run the Warframe Launcher
Either reinstalling the game or manually delivering the missing resource should allow the Launcher to function normally again and update the game. If you are crashing after clicking the "Play!" button, then, please report your WAR-# from the crash reporter so that we can diagnose further.
We will continue to watch for other launcher related issues. Thank you!
Fixed moving in slow motion after interacting with ally slowing effects (like Vauban's Vortex and/or Zephyr's Tornado) while Overguard is active. 
This was particularly prevalent with Rhino (Iron Skin), Frost (with the Icy Avalanche Augment Mod), Kullervo (Recompense), and Atlas (Rumbled Augment Mod) as their abilities grant Overguard. 
Fixed several issues with Warframe Overguard reducing the effectiveness of the following supportive abilities/effects:
Fixed Gara's Splinter Storm damage reduction being capped at 50% instead of the intended 90%. 
Fixed Trinity's Blessing healing over time for a fixed amount instead of restoring the full intended amount on cast. 
Fixed Garuda's Blood Altar not healing. 
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse damage reduction being capped at 50% instead of the intended 95%. 
Fixed Hydroid's Curative Undertow Augment Mod being capped at 100 Health. 
Fixed Nezha's Warding Halo damage reduction being capped at 50% instead of the intended 90%. 
Fixed Volt's Capacitance Augment Mod (Discharge) being capped at 250 Shields and not granting Overshields. 
Fixed Baruuk's Desolate Hands damage reduction being capped at 50% instead of the intended 90%. 
Fixed Harrow's Penance heal being capped at 50 health/s. 
Fixed Equinox' Mend & Maim heal being capped at 500 Health over 5 seconds. 
Fixed Sancti Magistar's heal being capped at 500 Health over 5 seconds. 
Fixed Vazarin's Protective Sling capping at 500 Health over 5 seconds and not providing damage immunity. 
More fixes towards the Strun Prime Incarnon not refilling its magazine when transforming from their Incarnon Form to base. 
Fixed FOV randomly resetting after certain Duviri objectives.
Fixed challenge descriptions appearing as a file path for the following Incarnon Geneses weapons:
Braton (all variants) Evolution IV 
Furax's (all variants) Evolution IV 
Ceramic Dagger's Evolution IV 
Dual Ichor's Evolution IV 
Sibear's Evolution IV 
Miter's Evolution IV 
Known (fix to come): Felarx' Evolution V
Fixed the "Kill X enemies with this weapon's Incarnon Form" Incarnon challenge description specifying "Eximus enemies" instead of just "enemies". 
Fixed issues with Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes objective not clearing once completed.
Fixed the chest VFX staying in its "locked" state (red VFX instead of blue) after defeating Limunus in Duviri cave objectives. 
Fixed the pause menu UI disappearing when transitioning from the Undercroft to the Duviri Landscape.
Also fixed a related issue on Host migration where players would get stuck with a black screen if the pause menu was open upon transitioning. 
Fixed a crash in the Assemble the Shrine objective in Duviri. 
More fixes towards offset issues with the Drifter Saita Prime Suit. 
Fixed being unable to chat link Ueymag. 
Fixed crash related to Corrosive procs. 
Fixed crash related to Kullervo fight after Host migration.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.2
**Date:** 2023-06-22T21:17:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Seven Crimes Of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.2:

Changes to Kullervo's mechanics:
Decreased the frequency of ability casts and increased telegraph times slightly for several abilities so that they are easier to avoid. 
Increased the duration of the window of opportunity after ability casts in Phase 3.
Reduced the frequency of unparryable heavy attacks.
Increased the usage of melee attacks, but reduced the attack speed slightly to encourage more melee engagement.
Decreased melee attack damage slightly, and normalized some melee attack damage values. 
Slightly decreased Kullervo's health.
Changes to Kullervo's damage receival:
In changing his mechanics, we have also made these alterations to how he receives damage, to encourage player melee engagement overall.
Significantly increased damage taken from parry finishers. 
Reduced the damage taken from Rifles and Shotguns (Transference Surge).

### Fixes
Fixed the incorrect range of Kullervo's Bane being rewarded for completing The Steel Path Kullervo's Hold fight. 
Prior to this fix, it was possible to receive 4 or 5 Kullervo's Bane on The Steel Path, which is under the intended range of 6 to 8. This has now been restored! 
Fixed being unable to matchmake for Kullervo's Hold time-limited node if players in the squad had already loaded into Teshin's Cave.
Fixed Steel Path players matchmaking with normal players on Kullervo's Hold time-limited node and vice versa. 
Fixed being unable to uninstall Incarnon Genesis and getting the "Something went wrong during Incarnon Genesis removal. Please try again." error when attempting to do so. 
Also fixed players getting charged 5 Pathos Clamps for attempting to remove the Incarnon Genesis, even with the error pop-up. We will be running a script shortly to refund Pathos Clamps to affected players. Script has completed! 
Fixed Latron's Incarnon Evolution II " Swift Punishment" perk not granting its damage buff as intended with Sprint Speed 1.2 or higher. 
Fixed the Strun and Ferlarx Incarnons (base and variants) not refilling their magazine when transforming from their Incarnon Form to base. 
Fixed Acceltra causing self-damage when Primed Firestorm is equipped. 
Fixed Vazarin's Enduring Tides not working if it is Waybound.
Fixed Frost's Icy Avalanche Augment Mod granting the values on recast instead of picking the greater values of the two (original and new cast). 
Fixed getting a Common Decree instead of Rare for completing the Kullervo Fight in Duviri. 
Fixed the Steel Path nodes in Duviri (Circuit, The Duviri Experience, and The Lone Story) not registering as complete for certain accounts. 
Reverted updates to the Launcher that were responsible for widespread issues including:
Getting an error when attempting to launch the game on Windows 7.
Launcher crash caused by it failing mid-way through updating itself.
Potential crashes with Steam Deck and WINE-based Linux (please let us know if you see any further issues!) 
Fixed being able to select the "+150 Shield Capacity" Azure Archon Shard upgrade for Kullervo (he does not have Shields to benefit from this). 
Fixed issues with the Operator in the Ghost Mirror objective in Duviri being able to be controlled by the wrong (or more than one) player. 
Also fixed the Operator copying the animations of the wrong player. 
Fixed several hitching issues caused by configuring a Warframe in Teshin's Cave that has several customizations equipped. 
Fixes several hitching issues caused by configuring Melee Weapons in Teshin's Cave that have Stance Mods equipped. 
Fixed the Rauta's reload SFX pitching up if fire rate Mods were equipped. 
More fixes towards offset issues with the Drifter Harrier and Saita Prime Suit. 
Fixed the Orokin Entrati End Cap and Orokin Entrati Gold Trim End Cap Dojo Decorations missing their textures and appearing bright pink. 
Fixed the resource pickup UI element missing when collecting from SPROUT in Teshin's Cave after Host migration. 
Fixed crash caused by Kaithe's Hoof Stomp ability. 
Fixed flickering issues caused by running the Classic Graphics engine with DirectX 12. 
Fixed rare crashes that could occur when changing monitors on PC. 
Fixed a rare crash when using DirectX 12. 
Fixes towards rare crashes that could occur on startup for players with the new Upscaling option enabled. 
Fixed a script error caused by going from Dojo to Railjack mission. 
Fixed script errors with Kullervo's Collective Curse and Wrathful Advance abilities. 
Fixed several script errors caused by Caliban's Lethal Progeny ability. 
Fixed a script error caused by the Defend Prisoner side objective in Duviri. 
Fixed several script errors caused by the Void Mirror side objective in Duviri. 
Fixed several script errors caused by the Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes side objective in Duviri. 
Fixed a Client script error caused by Kavat's Sharpened Claws Precept Mod. 
Fixed a script error caused by the target of a Vulpaphyla with Crescent Charge Precept Mod dying. 
Fixed a script error caused by Hidden Chest objectives after Host migration. 
Fixed a script error caused by the Dax Gladius leaping. 
Fixed a Client script error caused by entering an Undercroft Portal while riding Kaithe.
Fixed script error caused by the Undercroft not recovering after Host migration. 
Fixed a Client script error caused by interacting with the NPCs in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error caused by Portal VFX in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error in Octavia's Anthem Quest.
Fixed a script error in the Sands of Inaros Quest. 
Fixed a script error caused by Hyena's charge ability.

## The Seven Crimes of Kullervo: Hotfix 33.5.1
**Date:** 2023-06-21T20:08:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 33.5: The Seven Crimes of Kullervo
**Date:** 2023-06-21T14:54:13Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Starting today with the release of Kullervo in this Update, each new Warframe we release from this point on will increase the number of purchasable loadout slots by 1.
With Kullervo, we've updated the number from 20 to 21. 
Teshin's Cave offerings can now be previewed in the Star Chart before entering Duviri with the Rank 4 "Warframe Abundance" Opportunity Drifter Intrinsic unlocked.
The display will also show the amount of Forma installed on the active offerings.
Added ability to fully customize Drifter controls in the settings. Select the Customize Key Bindings option under the Keyboard/Mouse section.and navigate over to the Drifter tab. 
Added a "Complete" icon to the mini and detailed maps in Duviri after completing main and side objectives. 
Added "The Steel Path" option to the Simulacrum enemy settings. When enabled, enemies will have an additional +250% Health, Armor, and Shields. 
Added a skip button to the Circuit reward flourish after unlocking tiers and returning to the reward path screen. 
To address players getting "stuck" watching the reward flourish for a long time if they had unlocked a bunch of tiers. 
Hovering the reticle over the Drifter Melee weapons in Teshin's Cave will now trigger a pop-up that provides its description. 
To help inform players before they commit to purchasing it.
Added stat buffs from Helminth Invigorations and Archon Shards to the "Configure" screen in Teshin's Cave. 
Added location details to resource descriptions to help players find them.
Added talking animations to Acrithis' transmissions. 
Added VFX after successfully herding Tamms. 
Added cowering animations to another Duviri resident that was missing them
Orowyrms must be feared!
Added clouds and a bright blue sky to the Conclave room in all Relays.

### Changes
Click Here To Share Feedback And Bug Reports In The Dedicated Sub-Forums:
Meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of The Duviri Paradox is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things can slip through the cracks so we will be looking at reports here for any fixes and changes for follow-up Hotfixes to come.
If any of the terms above are new to you, visit "The Warframe Lexicon for Updates" to learn more about Warframe's development cycle.
But first, you must learn what lies ahead before engaging in a tangle of blades with this mystifying convict.
Dueling Kullervo will be a test of all that you have learned in Duviri. Use the skills and Drifter Intrinsics honed by your blade to battle your way to glory against this formidable master of knives. Evade ranged attacks, vengeful backstabs, and unblockable strikes if you wish to survive the onslaught of this tortured warrior. Tenno will need to parry, counter, and rely on their wits if they wish to escape Kullervo's Hold with their lives intact.
If you have yet to fight the Orowyrm to earn Pathos Clamps in Duviri, now is the time! This time-limited node is our way of encouraging players to experience and complete a full Spiral in Duviri if they have yet to do so. Duviri has much to offer, and Kullervo awaits your visitation for a dance of blades.
Successfully defeating Kullervo and the Orowyrm will reward you handsomely (listed below).
Fighting Kullervo in The Lone Story:
Defeating Kullervo has a chance of being one of the Spiral stages to complete during the Anger, Fear and Sorrow Spirals. If it does, it will occur in the second half of the stages so that players have accumulated at least 3 Decrees before fighting him.
Fighting Kullervo in The Duviri Experience:
In addition to fighting Kullervo as a main Spiral Stage, players can also voluntarily start the fight as a side objective during the Anger, Fear and Sorrow Spirals.
Wrathful Advance is Kullervo's Helminth ability with diminished Range and Melee Critical Chance increase.
*Overguard is a defense mechanic that was made available to Warframes with The Duviri Paradox. While active, it grants additional Health protection and provides Knockdown Immunity.
Storm of Ukko is Kullervo's Railjack ability.
Purchase Kullervo from the in-game Market for instant access or earn it by fighting him in Kullervo's Hold to earn Kullervo's Bane to spend at Acrithis' Wares.
His health increases for each additional member in the squad. He must be defeated to successfully complete the Undercroft mission.
On defeat, Captain Vor will drop Rune Marrow and has a chance to drop the Vor Sigil.
Slightly reduced the number of enemies required to exterminate (scales with number of players in squad).
Reduced waves from 5 to 3. 
In an effort to decrease the length of Defense missions in the Undercroft, we've opted to reduce the number of waves to complete.
Increased enemy spawns and added Eximus units to defeat at the end of the mission. 
With the wave reduction, we want to maintain a level of challenge throughout the mission by ending it with a bang. 
The Defense Target will now regenerate its Shields to full in between waves. 
In light of the increase in enemy spawns and the addition of Eximus units, we wanted to ensure the target wasn't in any immediate danger of being destroyed right on wave reset.
Slightly reduced drop rate of Life Support capsules from enemies.
Since Undercroft Survival does not last longer than 5 minutes, it does not need to use the same rules that let players stay indefinitely in an endless Origin System's Survival mission. As long as players are killing enemies and activating Life Support towers when needed, this shouldn't cause any problems!
*Stats shown at max rank
During your time in Duviri, you have ventured into many Undercroft portals as part of the Spiral stages. Now, you can enter the Undercroft as a Side Objective in The Duviri Experience!
Outside of the portals that spawn for Spiral stages, there will always be a total of 3 side objective portals available in Duviri. They spawn at different locations each visit! Approaching these portals will mark them on your map while you are in relative proximity to them so that you can return if you are unable to conquer them immediately.
Requirement to enter: You must acquire 7 Decrees before entering The Undercroft! The reason being so that you are fully prepared for the challenges that await on the other side of the portal. These side objective portals are disabled when a main Spiral stage requires you enter a designated portal. Note that the Rank 3 Opportunity Intrinsic "Lucky Opener" which grants a free Decree upon entering Duviri does not count towards the 7 Decrees needed to enter.
Difficulty: 
Enemies in these side objective Undercroft portals are much more challenging than your average Spiral stage portal.
Once you have completed the Undercroft mission, the portal then becomes deactivated
similar to other side objectives once completed.
Rewards: 
Completion of a side objective Undercroft Portal rewards the following:
How to Kaithe Race: 
Start the race by entering the first gate, once crossed the timer countdown begins! Clear all of the required gates to complete the race. Each successful gate crossed adds 3 seconds to the time to complete the race. Shooting the targets also grants 3 seconds of additional time. There is no penalty for skipping gates, but you do miss out on gaining those extra seconds!
Kaithe Racing Rewards: 
Successfully completing a Kaithe race rewards Drifter Intrinsics, a Decree and Duviri resources. The more players from the squad join into the race and complete it, the better the rewards are for the whole team!
Recover the Paragrimm's Tomes Rewards:
Finding all of the required targets will reward Duviri resources, Drifter Intrinsics, and a Decree.
Lost Belongings Rewards:
Collecting all of the Lost Belongings will reward Duviri resources, Drifter Intrinsics, and a Decree!
Discover new Decree combinations to take your Drifter and Warframe loadouts to the next level.
Values marked with an asterisk* can be stacked and are shown at max.
Drifter Melee Power Strikes and Warframe Melee Ground Slams now benefit from damage buffs from Decrees. 
Fixed cases where an "On damage" Decree would cancel out the ability to trigger another "On damage" Decree if both were triggered in the same instance. 
For example: Critical Frost grants an extra instance of Cold Damage when you score a critical hit, and Bombastines Malice delivers area of effect Toxin Damage on a headshot. If both were active and you got a critical headshot on an enemy while Critical Frost was triggered, Bombastine's Malice wouldn't have a chance to inflict area of effect Toxin Damage. 
Fixed the Decree selection UI always showing the default controller binding regardless of the current assignment. 
Fixed the "Reroll Decree" button appearing before the Decrees appear on screen. 
It will now appear slightly after the Decrees appear to avoid accidentally clicking it before the selections are visible. 
Fixed hearing the "Decree earned" SFX when mounting Kaithe with unselected Decrees.
Fixed the "Proficient Fighter" Decree's (Drifter Ability cooldown reduced by 45%*. Warframes gain +45%* Ability Efficiency.) cooldown reduction being doubled for the first two stacks. 
Fixed being unable to reload or fire the Hema with the Rolling Reload Decree selected.
The growth timer resets once you collect the resources from Teshin's Cave. Check back once the plants have matured again to harvest, rinse repeat! The resources harvested can immediately be used to purchase wares from Acrithis if you happen to come across her in the Duviri Landscape. For the launch of this update, the plants are already fully matured and waiting for you to collect them.
If you enter Teshin's Cave with a squad, each individual squad member has access to their own plants and will see their growth progress.
Duviri Fainting Couch 
Duviri Theater Seat
Duviri Repast Table
Duviri Mortis Stela 
Duviri Modesty Screen
Duviri Hand Spa
Duviri Senate Seat
Duviri Hay Bale
Duviri Footstool 
Duviri Lectern 
Duviri Clerical Desk 
Duviri Calculum 
Duviri Scales
Like the Watchful Paragrimm decoration, these wares will be available perpetually, without a rotating schedule. This way you can see what items are tradeable for Enigma Gyrum and save up accordingly.
Ueymag Barb can also appear in the Normal and Steel Path Circuit reward paths.
There are 10 new Somachord songs you can unlock by collecting their fragments in Duviri:
Below The Thunder
Unbound
Drifter's Respite
Paragrimm Ascending
Perdition's Coils
Shadows And Summonings
He Who Waits
Into Madness
Eyes That Burn
Duviri Paradox
The Somachord has also been added to your Dormizone! Play your newly found Duviri tunes in the comfort of your Zariman domain.
Nikana Krtrima Skin by kakarrot812
Krtrima Chest Armor by kakarrot812
Krtrima Leg Armor by kakarrot812
Krtrima Shoulder Armor by kakarrot812
Liset Herulyst Skin by LostEpoch
Nekros Ausirylyst Skin and Helmet by LostEpoch
Vikasa Aegis Chest Armor by blazingcobalt 
Zhivira Shoulder Armor by blazingcobalt
*Raven Drifter is seen in the above image.
Any player purchasing these Operator cosmetics in the future will automatically receive the matching Drifter variants as well. For those of you that already own these coveted collections, the Drifter versions will be available immediately in your inventory via an account update on log-in.
Complete a mission stage in the Steel Path Circuit.
Complete a full Spiral in The Duviri Experience (ie. defeating the Orowyrm)
Complete a full Spiral in The Lone Story (ie. defeating the Orowyrm)
Select the "Evolve Incarnon Weapons" option and then the weapon you wish to remove the Incarnon Genesis from. The new "Remove Incarnon'' option is available upon selecting an eligible Incarnon Weapon via the Evolution screen from Cavalero.
Reduced the individual stages of each Spiral from 6 to 3 objectives.
Shuffled the objectives in the Spiral stages to help with overall quest flow. The Quest stages are now as follows: 
ANGER
Defeat the Dax 
Open Chest and defeat its Guardian
Undercroft Exterminate 
JOY
Conquer the Maze
Purge the darkened areas of Liminus 
Undercroft Survival 
ENVY 
Reconnect the Power Lines 
Defeat the high ground Dax 
Undercroft Defense 
Reduced the amount of repeated actions needed to complete the Drifter Combat tutorial.
Updated the SFX of the first dialogue line during The Covetous Courtier stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Small animation polish for the opening cutscene of The Duviri Paradox Quest.

### Fixes
Fixed Shawzin and Maw Feeding locations being highlighted despite being unavailable during the Quest. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when parrying the Dax Gladius during the Drifter Combat tutorial (Defeat the Dax).
Fixed the Drifter not removing their hood when sitting down for a meal of protein cubes during the Zariman section of the Quest.
And here we thought the Drifter had basic table manners...
Fixed rare issue where players would be unable to progress past the first stage in The Duviri Paradox Quest if they did not pick up the Sirocco before heading towards the bridge. 
This was causing the Kaithe not to spawn to traverse the bridge to continue onto the next stages. 
Fixed a rogue Guiding Hand wisp and objective marker appearing in the sky in The Duviri Paradox Quest after the bridge crumbles in the first stage. 
Fixed the last enemy killed in the "Prove your command of Warframe Abilities" stage of The Duviri Paradox Quest vanishing immediately on death.
Fixed choosing "Stay" after completing The Duviri Paradox Quest causing all of the Warframe offerings in Teshin's Cave to appear as Excalibur. Also fixes being unable to select a Warframe at all. 
Fixed being unable to swap weapons in The Duviri Paradox Quest after exiting an Undercroft stage. 
Fixed getting flung forward after dismounting Kaithe when approaching Bombastine in the first stage of the Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Also fixed Kaithe ending up underground afterwards.
Fixed enemy spawns being too low to complete the Undercroft Exterminate mission during the "The Prince of Fire" stage in The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed the Undercroft Survival mission objective UI lingering on the screen after failing it in The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed the wrong controller button callout for how to dodge in The Duviri Paradox Quest.
Overguard as a Warframe defense mechanism was introduced in Drifter Intrinsics and Decrees with The Duviri Paradox update
it grants additional Health protection and provides Knockdown Immunity while active.
Overguard has virtually the same function (Health buffs and immunities*) as the listed abilities and Augment Mods, so in an effort to expose the mechanic more and establish familiarity with Overguard as a whole (as it also appears on enemies) we have made it the visual indicator for them.
*The base defensive properties of these abilities and Augment Mods have not changed!
This change also has the added benefit of allowing "On Damaged" Mods and Arcanes to apply to all of the above! Prior to this change, the aforementioned abilities would make the player "invulnerable" until the added survivability was depleted. Now, Mods and Arcanes like Adaptation and Arcane Avenger can now be triggered when damage is taken to Overguard, because it is treated similarly to Health and Shields.
The HUD Overguard element has also had slight upgrades for the purposes of registering for these abilities and Augment Mods:
*GIF above shows Iron Skin cast.
Part of this process includes the following changes:
Overhauled which stats are prioritized on which weapon types. 
Mods with universal benefits (like increased damage and multishot) are equipped first, while attempting to equip mods that benefit the weapon type (like critical and status increases) if the base stats are high enough.
Made Auto Install consider equipping unveiled Riven Mods depending on their stats.
Made Warframe Aura selection use its own prioritization system when choosing what to install.
Other Auto Install Fixes:
Fixed an issue where Auto Install tried to equip veiled Riven mods if there was space.
Fixed Auto Install prioritizing "conditional" mods that only triggered under special circumstances.
NVIDIA RTX Minimum Driver Version Requirement: 512.15
Enabling and picking an upscaling quality level will fix the internal rendering resolution to a smaller size. This is then later upscaled using a temporal algorithm, meaning it's using information from previous frames, just like with temporal anti-aliasing.
While very similar to Dynamic Resolution, Upscaling settings render at a fixed resolution and do not dynamically adjust based on performance. For that reason, when Upscaling is enabled, Dynamic Resolution will be automatically disabled.
We welcome any and all feedback on these new experimental options! We are especially interested in the visual quality of the game while it is enabled (e.g. any noticeable "smearing" while playing and other weird visual issues). We are also interested in knowing if the settings are clear in communicating what they do.
Enabling "Shader Cache" should improve the performance of the game if you are using the DirectX 12 renderer. By storing shaders that have been prepared by the game for future use, loading times and micro-stuttering behaviors seen during gameplay should be reduced, especially on older CPUs.
Applies to both the "Classic" and "Enhanced" mode in DX12. DX11 is not affected.
There is a small increase to the amount of storage space used by the game.
This feature is new and experimental, so let us know if you see anything very strange happen to the game's visuals with "Shader Cache" enabled. Or just let us know if the performance of the game is noticeably better!
Improved DirectX 11's frame-rate when using the Optimized Flip-Model and reduced input latency.
"Optimized Flip-Model" is now enabled by default.
This option was initially introduced as "experimental" (this label has been removed) and has been working well since its been added. It improves DirectX 11 performance for Borderless and Windowed display modes but requires Windows 10. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to DirectX 12 performance.
Optimized code related to DirectX 11.
Made a micro optimization related to DirectX 12 rendering.
Optimized code related to DirectX 12.
Fixed a couple rare crashes related to DirectX 12.
Made systemic micro-optimizations when using DirectX 12 on integrated graphics processors. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory usage. 
Made micro-optimizations to rendering for all platforms.
Fixes towards frame pacing issues that could occur after resizing the game's window while using DirectX 11 and the "Optimized Flip-Model". 
Optimized base game code. 
Optimized code related to textures.
Optimized code related to graphics systems. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to FX code. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to code related to rendering. 
Made some micro-optimizations to animation memory. 
Optimized animation code. 
Optimized Umbra during cutscenes in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Made a micro-optimization when loading into large levels that have foliage in them. 
Made micro-optimizations to the game on start-up.
Optimized the VFX on the following weapons by reducing the particle count on the projectiles when using significant multishot. 
Paracyst
Cernos Prime 
Drakgoon
Kuva Bramma
Kuva Chakkurr 
Mutalist Cernos
Miter
Nagantaka Prime
Optimized the water droplets in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed significant performance issues when attempting to collect ammo while having a Companion Specter and a regular Warframe Specter active at the same time.
Fixed Rune Marrow not being affected by Resource Boosters.
Fixed Clients losing objective UI and being stuck in the previous Undercroft stage after Host migration. 
Fixed tapping Aim while in the middle of a melee swing causing your weapon to get stuck in "Aim mode" until you tap it again.
Fixed another case of Clients losing their Kaithes in The Steel Path Orowyrm fight after a Host migration. 
Fixed being able to dismount from Kaithe and consequently losing the ability to respawn it during the Wyrmling ring chase phase in The Steel Path Orowyrm fight. 
Kaithe dismounting during this phase is now disabled to prevent further issues. 
Fixed being unable to swap to Secondary weapon after not mounting Kaithe when they spawn in The Steel Path Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow not benefiting from Decrees. 
Fixed Client getting stuck as Drifter for the remainder of an Undercroft mission if they lose connection and attempt to rejoin. 
Fixed Focus abilities not working in the Undercroft until after using Transference or being revived (notably Vazarin's Mending Soul and Enduring Tides). 
Fixed Vazarin's Guardian Shell persisting after leaving Undercroft. 
Fixed Clients losing their Vitoplast orb container and eventually losing the ability to shoot/jump/revive/etc. after Host migration in Circuit Void Flood missions. 
Fixed the Vitoplast orb container not disappearing for Clients after exiting Void Flood Undercroft missions in Duviri. 
Fixed Maw Feeding while the "Herd the Tamms" objective is active causing the Tamms to disappear and making it impossible to complete. 
Fixed simultaneous Tamm herding objectives causing players to lose function.
To prevent this issue from recurring, there can now only be one instance of Tamm herding occuring at a time. 
Fixed recently herded Tamms disappearing upon completing the objective in Duviri. 
Fixed being unable to reload guns after melee attacking while using a controller. 
Fixed players losing objective UI in Duviri after triggering another nearby side objective. 
Fixed Clients losing objective text and enemy spawns halting after Host migration in Circuit Defense missions. 
Fixed getting stuck in the Steel Path Circuit reward screen when attempting to join a player who invited them to a Steel Path Circuit mission (due to not having the Steel Path unlocked). 
Fixed accepting an invitation to the Steel Path Circuit opening the Normal reward path screen instead of The Steel Path one.
Fixed the Steel Path Circuit reward path screen appearing before the pop-up informing that you are not eligible after accepting an invite to a Steel Path Circuit mission while not having the Steel Path unlocked. 
Fixed new Host not being teleported to next stage in Circuit after Host migration. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in the Undercroft after Host triggers migration by immediately completing the mission. 
Fixed rare case where players could get booted back to the Undercroft lobby after dying. 
Fixed Undercroft missions as a main Spiral stage automatically completing after Host migration occurs while a Client is waiting in the lobby while others are still in the landscape.
Fixed rare issue where Clients could lose their HUD after entering Duviri from Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Drifter Melee weapon selection in Teshin's Cave not saving for Clients after Host migration. 
Fixed Host having a randomized loadout upon rejoining the previously left Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed the Orowyrm's Health UI for its rings not updating as it is being damaged for Clients. 
Fixed several issues with the offering rotation timing in Acrithis' Shop: 
Fixed the Rare Decree offering not be available for purchase most of the time. It will now appear more regularly. 
Fixed Origin System Resources and Ship Decorations (with the exception of the Watchful Paragrimm) appearing for shorter durations than intended. 
Fixed the aforementioned items showing less than 5 items at all times. It is intended for each category to have 5 rotation options available at all times. 
Fixed being unable to cleanse Conservation animals in Duviri if "Melee with Fire Input" is enabled. 
Fixed swapping between Companion types (ie. Sentinel to Kubrow) and attempting to purchase an Appearance Config Slot for their Companion resulting in the player being charged the Platinum cost but not receiving the Slot. 
The team is reviewing a script or support path for those affected by this issue!
Fixed enemies not spawning after Host migration occurs while Clients are in the Undercroft lobby. 
Fixed loss of function after Host migration in Duviri. 
Fixed Clients being unable to grapple to Orowyrm with Orvius more than once in a row due to randomly switching to Drifter Melee in the process. 
Fixed being unable to throw the Orvius on foot if another player grabs it at the same moment you are performing a quick shot with the Sirocco.
Fixed Client being revived automatically if downed while Host is dead in Duviri. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in the Duviri loading screen after Host forces extraction while they are riding Kaithe in an open landscape. 
Fixed the Cinta having an unintended alt-fire attack. 
The "alt-fire" in question (deploy mines and launch the player backwards) was only ever intended and designed for the Dax Arcus enemy. In classic mainline fashion, it slipped by onto the player-owned version accidentally and for that reason had numerous issues (animation weirdness and low damage). 
Fixed Clients being stuck in the previous Undercroft stage and UI after Host migration. 
Fixed Clients respawning with a weapon other than the intended Sirocco after being downed on Kaithe in the second phase of the Steel Path Orowyrm fight.
Fixed dying immediately after joining an in-progress Orowyrm fight and opening the chest. 
Fixed cases where the camera would aggressively shake while latched to the Orowyrm in the first stage of the fight (especially after opening the pause menu). 
Fixed being able to use Transference (to Origin System Drifter/Operator) during the Kaithe phase of The Steel Path Orowyrm fight after Host migration. 
Also fixed being able to use Last Gasp during this stage if downed. 
Fixed Orowrym fight coming to a halt after killing Wyrmlings right as they spawn. 
Fixed Host migration towards the end of the Kaithe phase in the Steel Path Orowyrm fight causing the Wyrmlings to respawn. 
Fixed the fish not glowing while Maw Feeding if playing in a Squad. 
Fixed players' minimap icon being displayed off the map while Maw Feeding, making it difficult to teleport to them. 
Fixed players in the Duviri landscape seeing other players' names while they are still in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Nidus missing his Mutation Stack UI after replacing his Virulence at Helminth. 
Fixed FOV randomly changing to the minimum while flying on Kaithe in Duviri. 
Fixed custom "Ability Menu" button bindings on controller reverting to default after relaunching the game. 
Fixed Decree Fragments in The Circuit respawning (after they had all been collected) after Host Migration. 
Fixed projectiles shot from Dax enemies in Duviri applying Status Effects to the player even if they had successfully parried it. 
Fixed Hildryn's Aegis Storm CC bypassing the Dax Malleus' Overguard. 
Fixed Clients playing Grendel being able to bypass the Dax Malleus' Overguard using Feast. 
Fixed being unable to bind the controls for the "Spectate Next/Previous Player" option.
Fixed controller sensitive sometimes going very high out of nowhere. 
Fixed rare case where rewards and resources would not save to player account after completing a Kuva Lich/Sister of Parvos mission while a hotfix is being launched.
Fixed case where a round reward would get skipped after the first round completed in Interception missions. 
Fixed the Drifter becoming unarmed when switching Appearance Configs at the mirror in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed Kaithe not automatically gliding by default (when no directional input is active) like it does in Duviri when spawned into other Open Landscapes. 
Fixed enemies in The Circuit dropping Resources, Heavy Ammo, Credits and Mods if a Warframe with a looting ability is present. 
Fixed soft-lock occuring after unlocking a Drifter Rank and selecting another category. 
Fixed soft-lock occurring when opening Darvo's shop in the Relays. 
Fixed Railjack Crew Members not respawning between missions. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in loading screen after Host abandons Railjack mission. 
Fixed Cephalon Cy's progress bar darkening during the "Maintain the Reactor Within Cy's Thresholds" stage of Railjack Volatile missions. 
Fixed being able to join expired Arbitration missions. 
Fixed Excalibur Umbra's (independent AI version) weapon ammo getting instantly refilled to full from a singular ammo enemy drop. 
Fixed Warframe suddenly moving in slow motion when using Drifter Melee weapons. 
Fixes towards Visage Ink settings not saving across Clothing configs. 
Fixed another case of being unable to make purchases from Acrithis' wares in Duviri using resources gained from the active session.
Fixed the Shawzin UI in The Duviri Experience displaying the icons of the last Status Effect inflicted onto Drifter instead of the correct button callout.
Fixed being able to send gifts to new players who are playing The Duviri Paradox Quest.
The goal is to maintain quest immersion as best as possible and avoid overwhelming new players with too much unrelated activity. Additionally, we want to avoid players receiving items they are unable to interact with until after they complete the quest and move into the Origin System. 
Fixed being able accept invites to join The Circuit missions before you've completed The Duviri Paradox Quest. 
Fixed the Dormizone node in the Star Chart not being visible while The Angels of the Zariman Quest is active. 
Fixed new players receiving the Razorback Armada inbox message after they've completed The Duviri Paradox Quest but before The Awakening Quest
they will now be sent after they've completed the latter when on the Paradox Path. 
Fixed spawning back into the Dormizone during The Duviri Quest facing the elevator doors. 
Fixed Clients being able to get stuck as a Warframe in the Duviri Landscape after a Host migration. 
Fixed active "Defend Prisoner" side objectives causing issues for the new Host that joins the squad after Host migration. 
Fixed the Lone Guardian in Conjunction Survival missions not being activated by the player if they are in a Necramech.
Fixed the Duviri Spiral timer being stuck at 1 hour 59 minutes if you return to your Orbiter after completing a mission while playing Solo.
Fixed the ammo pickup SFX playing repeatedly due to an interaction between Vacuum and Soma's alt-fire.
Fixed Archwing movement being erratic when piloted by Gauss.
Fixed Thrax Centurions' normal attacks dealing no damage. 
Fixed specific accounts being unable to access the Focus School they picked at the end of The Second Dream Quest. 
Fixed Clients getting booted back to Orbiter with a mission failure screen after Host leaves and forces migration right at the start of the Wyrmling phase in the Orowyrm fight.
Fixed new players on the Paradox Path getting a "Purchase Failed" error when attempting to purchase items from the Dormizone Arsenal mirror. 
Fixed UI swinging wildly around if the "Enable HUD Motion" setting is enabled while zipping around as a turbo mode Titania with high Ability Strength and the Razorwing Blitz Augment Mod equipped. 
Fixed being unable to complete the final fight in the Sand of Inaros Quest after killing a Tomb Protector as it is attempting to revive out of its Sarcophagus. 
Fixed selecting the Platinum icon from the pause menu causing the Platinum purchase window UI to stick and overlap everywhere else. 
Fixed Acrithis' subtitles overlapping with the "Browse Wares" UI box. 
Fixed being able to see through the map by looking into the glass panels on the ground inside of the Central Maintenance location in the post-New War Orb Vallis. 
Fixed several Collections in the in-game Market missing punctuation in their descriptions. 
Fixed a script error caused by using Yareli's Merulina in Teshin's Cave. 
The ability is now disabled in the Cave to prevent further issues.
Fixed the Watchful Paragrimm decoration having its eye glow VFX in the menu preview.
Fixed extremely bright VFX covering the majority of screen when combining Mag's protective Magnetize (hold to cast) with the Catena Prime Ephemera. 
Fixed Drifter's Guiding Hand ability losing its VFX and SFX when casting it back to back. 
Fixed Clients being unable to see the blue light VFX when shooting the discs and correctly matching them in the Paragrimm co-op Enigma. 
Fixed Clients being unable to create and see a wisp when casting Drifter's Guiding Hand ability. 
Fixed Clients seeing two wisps instead of one when Host casts Drifter's Guiding Hand ability. 
Fixed Drifter's Guiding Hand wisp not appearing after dying and being revived in Duviri. 
Fixed all squad members being able to hear the Drifter's Guiding Hand ability SFX and see the camera "pull back" effect when cast. 
Fixed the Warframe/Drifter VFX when approaching the portal in Teshin's Cave applying even when it is not active. 
Fixed the VFX and SFX from sliding persisting until you respawn if you die. 
Fixed the VFX from Teshin's Cave portal appearing and persisting in the options menu background for the duration of your stay in Duviri. 
Fixed the mirrored Operator in the "Table for Two" objective in Duviri T-posing whenever emotes are used. 
Fixed the Duviri Captura Scenes having very low teleport volumes
which was causing players to freefall for a long time before respawning back on land. 
Fixed being unable to scroll through Clan members list depending on cursor location. 
Fixed a hitch when selecting Father's Tokens in his vendor screen. 
Fixed hitching while taking a Mastery Rank test with Eximus enemies involved.
Fixed hitching issues in Duviri. 
Fixed hitch whenever changing the UI theme. 
Fixed small hitches that occur when a Client selects a Decree. 
Fixed small hitches that could occur with certain types of script bugs.
Fixed numerous small hitches when playing in DirectX 12 using the Enhanced Graphics Engine enabled.
Fixed the attachment angle on the Carrier Prime's right wing being incorrect.
Fixed the Friends screen lingering on screen after getting knocked down by enemies while it was open. 
Fixed being unable to crush Moas with the crate as required in the Sneaky Sabotage Break Narmer mission since they would never walk underneath it.
Fixed an issue with Clients where Duviri NPCs would sometimes snap into their cowering idle animations without a transition.
Fixed the texturing on the masks of Duviri NPCs. 
Fixed wing Ephemeras not being affected by the Ghost Mirror "dissolve" effect.
Fixed the Trio Orbit Ephemera being visible in a variety of situations where it should have been invisible. 
Ie. on Transference, customizing in the arsenal
Fixed the Azothane not displaying the proper energy colors when performing a ground slam. 
Fixed issue where you could temporarily wear the Drifter Loneryder Pants without purchasing them. 
Fixed issues with Client Operator appearance in the Ghost Mirror objective in Duviri. 
Fixed the Cortege's beam being invisible when the energy color is set to black.
Fixed broken cave textures near Northwind Village in Duviri.
Fixed broken textures on the rocks in the Dog Days Captura Scene. 
Fixed the copy function for Dojo decorations not always maintaining the settings and defaulting. 
Fixed decorations near The King's Palace clipping into a building. 
Fixed K-Drive mounting causing erratic camera movements. 
Fixed a camera "pop" occurring when it collides with Jackal's grenades. 
Fixed several Riven Challenge descriptions appearing as file paths in the "Challenge Progress" screen. 
Fixed several Syandana offset issues when equipped on the Masker's Theodolite Crewsuit.
Fixes towards Khinn Syandana offset issues. 
Fixes towards Drifter Keeler Suit offset issues. 
Fixed an issue where certain Syandanas would go nuts when latched to something (Orowyrm, Enigmas, etc.). 
Fixed the Fabled Kubrow Fur Pattern not disabling the collars and armors that are not compatible with it. 
This fur pattern significantly alters the geometry of the Kubrow, making it incompatible with most collars and armors as they are intended to attach to default Kubrows. 
Fixed the Vikasa Aegis Chest Armor having several clipping and attachment angle issues across multiple Warframes. 
Fixed Warframe lingering on screen after interacting with and exiting the mirror in Teshin's Cave as Warframe. 
Fixed UI breaking if Host and Client both spam to open the mirror in Teshin's Cave.
Fixed nearby players getting dragged into the air if a squad member interacts with the Tubular Bells in Duviri. 
Fixed Yareli getting stuck in permanent A-pose and losing all functionality when joining a Ropalolyst Assasinate mission in progress while riding Merulina. 
Fixed the Kazeru Prime Sugatra having attachment point issues when equipped on the Eukar Claw Skin.
Fixed the Drifter/Operator's Stranger's Hood hiding Facial Accessories while in its opened state.
Fixed context action UI not aligning properly if the input has been rebound.
Fixed map hole in Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed issues with lighting contrast in the elevator of the Grineer shipyard Defence tileset found on Ceres and Sedna.
Fixed a Grineer Helmet appearing to be unlit on a table in the Grineer asteroid tileset. 
Fixed map hole issues in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed missing LOC that would appear when selecting a daily Steel Path mission while in Railjack navigation. 
Fixed black squares that could jump up and cover the screen in certain cases.
Fixed being able to see through the map in the Sneaky Sabotage Break Narmer mission. 
Fixed the on-hover tooltip from looking at an item in your Profile sticking on screen after tabbing over to your Wishlist. 
Fixed the "Repeated Button Presses" option not appearing when searching "tap / hold" in the settings search bar. 
Fixed players being able to get stuck in a section of the Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed broken waypoint marker pathing in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed certain rocks in the Corpus Outpost tileset not connecting with the ground. 
Fixed some terrain texture near Watershed Hamlet in Duviri sticking out from an overhang. 
Fixed an Enigma spawning into the ground by Fair Shores Hamlet in Duviri
making it non interactive. 
Fixed a floating Kovnik deposit by The Citadel in Duviri. 
Fixed a floating Dacroot deposit by Fort Wyrmsoul in Duviri. 
Fixed floating Tasoma deposit in a cave by Moirai Crossing and the Lunaro Court in Duviri. 
Fixed a blank square icon appearing in the HUD at the start of Defense and Excavation Undercroft missions.
Fixed being unable to rotate Dojo Decorations in the preview.
Fixed typing in the Dojo Decoration search bar causing the entire window to move and potentially blocking category tabs from being selected. 
Fixed switching to Necramech removing sound occluding while invisibility abilities are active. 
Fixed resource containers spawning mid-air in a section of the Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed a hallway in the Grineer Galleon tileset being too dark.
Fixed missing collision on a decoration in the Corpus Ship tileset. 
Fixed the Ballas head statue in the post-New War Orb Vallis being unlit.
Fixed some planters on Lua appearing to be unlit. 
Fixed part of the map being far brighter than the rest of the tileset during the "Obtain the Navigation Segment" in the Vor's Prize Quest.
Fixed some clipping issues in the Archarbor in Duviri. 
Fixed breaking the fans in the Grineer Galleon tileset not playing the audio for Clients. 
Fixed an extremely rare case where players could start The New War Quest without owning a Railjack. 
Fixed rare cases of a mutant Drifter and Operator appearing when playing through The New War Quest if the Drifter was selected during "Table for Two" stage. 
Fixed the "Randomize Materials" button for Voidshell Skins appearing in other unrelated customization areas. 
Fixed being unable to chat link the new 2023 Pride Display and Glyph. 
Fixed being unable to chat link Maw Fang. 
Fixed a crash from shooting at the weak points of capital ships in Railjack missions. 
Fixed a crash in the Archon Hunt Spy mission. 
Fixed a crash that would occur after a player quit the game while downed. 
Fixed Host crashing after Client force quits the game when the Wyrmlings spawn in the Steel Path Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed a crash caused by Host forcing migration by leaving during stage one of the Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed a crash caused by Undercroft portals in Duviri. 
Fixed crash related to Defense missions in the Undercroft. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when using Enemy Radar and weapons that create Gas Status Effects. 
Fixed crash that could occur when closing the game while using DirectX 12.
Fixed a crash caused by controlling the Orowyrm in the first stage of the fight in Duviri. 
Fixed crash after trying to rejoin a squad doing the Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed a crash caused by going from Fortuna to the Orb Vallis via the elevator.
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a Squad Host's Dojo. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when an object falls into a teleport volume. 
Fixed a script error when hitting the last checkpoint in a K-Drive race.
Fixed a script error in the "Defend Prisoner" Duviri side objective. 
Fixed a script error with Wisp Specter. 
Fixed a script error related to Host migration and Acrithis in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error in Undercroft Survival missions. 
Fixed a script error related to the "Assemble the Shrine" objective in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error caused by waypoints in Duviri. 
Fixed a script error related to the Ven'kra boss fight in the Break Narmer "Prison Break" mission.
Fixed rare cases when a script error would occur when the enemy doesn't have a mesh. 
Fixed a script error when flying the Orowyrm into the portal during the first phase of the fight.

## The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.14
**Date:** 2023-05-29T20:00:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.13
**Date:** 2023-05-26T18:37:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.13:
Changed the Dual Toxocyst Incarnon Genesis' Evolution IV description to be accurate to the intended requirements (this was always the case, the description simply did not reflect it): 
Old: "Kill 0/17 enemies without reloading."
New: "Get 0/17 consecutive headshots." 
Reloading never reset the challenge, so it was removed from description for inaccuracy. It does reset if you hit a body shot. 
Changed the descriptions of the following Decrees based on feedback from the changes in Hotfix 33.0.11. 
Venomous Touch:
Old: "Every third melee attack deals X% Toxin Damage."
New: "Every third melee attack deals X% Toxin Damage with Status."
Critical Frost:
Old: "Critical Hits deal an extra hit with X% Cold Damage."
New: "Critical Hits deal an extra hit with X% Cold Damage and Status."
With how damage works with Decrees (always guaranteed Status), we removed the "guaranteed Status Chance" in the description originally. But since that was not an obvious detail outside of the Decree description, we've re-added that Status is indeed still involved in a short but comprehensive way.

### Fixes
Fixed objective text disappearing after Host migration during Undercroft Defense missions.
Fixed infinite enemy spawning in the Undercroft after Host migration
causing issues with "kill X enemies" objectives as they would just continue to spawn after reaching the required number of kills. 
Fixed resource rewards earned from Spiral stages in Duviri not saving for Clients after Host migration. 
Final fix for enemies not spawning in the Undercroft (Circuit and Duviri) after Host Migration
causing failure in Survival and Void Flood missions. 
More fixes towards Shrine pieces not dropping if Client starts an "Assemble the Shrine" objective while Host is far away. 
Fixed the Venomous Touch Decree not granting a guaranteed Toxin proc.
Fixed Incarnon Genesis Atomos' Evolution II perks not working at all. 
Fixed final Excavator not spawning in Undercroft Excavation missions after Host migration
causing inability to complete the mission. 
Fixed Host getting stuck as Drifter in the Orowyrm fight arena after dying and using Transference. 
Fixed Wyrmlings spawning on top of each other in the second phase of the Orowyrm fight. 
Fixed the Rank 1 Endurance Intrinsic "Fortifying Decrees" (Each active Decree grants +25 Health to Drifter) granting more than +25 Health if there are several of the same Decree already active. 
In other words, if you had 2 of the same Decree and selected a third, it would count each individual one into the Health granted (+75) upon selecting the third Decree, instead of the intended +25 for the one. 
Fixed always getting the base Hek in Teshin's Cave offerings even if you own the Kuva or Vaykor Hek. 
It is intended that the more powerful variants of a weapon you own appear in the Cave. 
Fixed crash caused by Kaithes that would trigger on Host migration. 
Fixed enemies ignoring players and standing still if they hit a certain crate in the Undercroft tileset. 
Fixed Grineer enemies no longer engaging with players or the Defense objective in Defense missions after they run to cover. 
Fixed Incarnon Genesis Torid gaining charges while in Incarnon form by shooting enemies with Saryn's Toxic Lash. 
It is intended that charges cannot be gained while already in Incarnon form. 
Fixed the Decree UI prompt overlapping various other UI elements in Teshin's Cave if you have Rank 3 Opportunity Intrinsic "Lucky Opener" (Gain a free Decree when you enter Duviri). 
Fixed the weapon select and customize context actions in Teshin's Cave overlapping briefly when walking away from the trigger.
Fixed the Kaithe's wings not being attached to their body in the Duviri loading screen. 
Fixed an issue with players getting repeated referral rewards. 
Fixed Incarnon weapon stats disappearing in the Arsenal after unfocusing and refocusing on a weapon using an Incarnon Genesis. 
Fixed arrows shot from Incarnon Genesis Bows (Paris & Dread) not disappearing until they are out of their Incarnon Form. 
Fixed Clients Incarnon Genesis Bow quivers (Paris & Dread) and Secondary pouches (Despair & Kunai) not changing back to their default appearance after they are out of their Incarnon form. 
Fixed the "Fire Weapon" input not applying Landing Craft "brakes" in the loading screens. 
Fixed a strip at the top of the screen not being blacked out in the black screen you encounter upon logging into the game for the first time.
Fixed the Kavat's Grace Mod description not being accurate to when it had been changed in Citrine's Last Wish: Hotfix 32.3.2 to resist hard landings from any speed.
Old: "Resist Hard Landings from falling at speeds of up to 25m/s / 30m/s / 35m/s / 40m/s."
New: "Resist Hard Landings from falling by 25% / 50% / 75% / 100%."
Fixed a script error that could occur while mining. 
Fixed a script error related to alt-fire.
Fixed a rare script error with opening/closing settings. 
Fixed crash caused by ragdolled enemies. 
Fixed a rare crash. 
Fixed being unable to sell the Syam from your inventory. 
Fixed crash that would occur when piloting the Orowyrm and entering the portal to the 2nd phase of the Orowyrm boss fight as Host. 
Fixed script error that would occur when piloting the Orowyrm and entering the portal to the 2nd phase of the Orowyrm boss fight as Host. 
Fixed a potential script error that could occur in Teshin's Cave. 
Fixed script error in Void Cascade missions.
Clients falling through the map after completing The Lone Story Orowyrm fight and opening the chest.
Workaround in the meantime: Clients will not fall through the map if they are controlling the Orowyrm or are passengers or on foot at the time at which the Orowyrm enters the portal from the landscape in the first phase of the fight.

## The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.11 + 12
**Date:** 2023-05-24T15:04:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.10
**Date:** 2023-05-12T17:36:44Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Duviri Paradox: Hotfix 33.0.10:
We wanted to get this really quick top level priority fix out before the weekend so you can continue to enjoy the Spiral Stories and the Duviri Paradox Quest. Thank you all!

### Fixes
Fixed script error that would cause players to lose functionality for the 'Guiding Hand' ability in the Quest and in regular Spiral missions.

## Lua's Prey: Hotfix 32.2.3
**Date:** 2022-12-01T19:35:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Lua'S Prey: Hotfix 32.2.3:
Some of you may have noticed that your missions and region chat have a lot of new faces. That's right, the next phase of the Cross Platform Play test is live with the inclusion of Switch and PlayStation! We will continue to monitor for any issues. Learn more in our official Cross Platform Play post.
Fixed the Necramech cooldown timer in Conjunction Survival being shorter than intended if destroyed by enemies instead of timing out.

### Fixes
Fixed black screen occurring when attempting to purchase Riven Mods in Iron Wake. 
Fixed the Perigale's Max Ammo stat rapidly increasing beyond intended when triggering its ammo increase on headshots while wielded by Voruna. 
It is intended to increase the ammo pool to 48 for Voruna. 
Fixed script error with Squad HUD elements.

## Lua's Prey: Hotfix 32.2.2
**Date:** 2022-12-01T18:07:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Lua's Prey: Hotfix 32.2.1
**Date:** 2022-11-30T22:33:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 32.2.0: Lua's Prey
**Date:** 2022-11-30T16:01:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
A new Captura Scene is available in Archimedean Yonta's offerings in the Chrysalith: Lua Circulus Scene.

### Changes
Changed the "The Hunt Is On" Daily Act description to indicate finding Syndicate Medallions while solo. Now reads "Find 0/5 Syndicate Medallions while solo." 
Due to an issue that occurred with the introduction of new Nightwave Series, the following Challenges fell out of rotation unintentionally. With Nora's Mix Vol.3, they have returned! 
Gatherer
Collect X Resources
Swordsman
Complete a Mission with only a Melee Weapon equipped
Hands Full
Complete a Mission with only a Primary Weapon equipped 
Sidearm
Complete a Mission with only a Secondary Weapon equipped
Air It Out
Deploy an Air Support Charge in a Mission 
Doppelganger
 Deploy a Specter
Patron
Donate to the Leverian
Loyalty
Interact with your Kubrow or Kavat
Hush
Kill a Kuva Thrall
Reclaimed
Clear a personal Lich Influenced Node 
No Mercy
Mercy Kill an Enemy
The Hunt is On
Find X Syndicate Medallions 
Friendly Fire
While piloting a hijacked Crewship, destroy 3 enemy fighters 
Ancient Obelisk
Activate a Requiem Obelisk on Deimos. 
Deep Impact
Suspend 5 or more enemies in the air at once with a Heavy Slam Melee Attack 
Everything Old is New Again
Complete X Mod Transmutations 
Just Visiting
Visit a Featured Dojo 
Confiscated
Hijack a Crewship from the enemy
Don't Blow It
Complete X Conduits in Disruption
Don't Fear The Reaper
Complete X Kuva Siphon Missions
Explorer
Complete X Railjack Missions
Forward Thinking
Destroy a Crewship with Forward Artillery
Heavy Ordnance
Kill X enemies with an Archgun
Now Boarding
Complete X different K-Drive races in Orb Vallis
Elite Explorer
Complete X Railjack Missions
Nothing but Profit 
Kill the Exploiter Orb
Rise of the Machine
Kill X enemies using a Necramech without getting destroyed.
Speedster
Finish a Capture mission in less than 90 seconds
Walk Without Rhythm
Kill a Tusk Thumper Doma in the Plains of Eidolon
Tusk Thumpin
Kill a Tusk Thumper in the Plains of Eidolon
Flying High
Defeat the Ropalolyst
Confiscated
Hijack a Crewship from the enemy
Grendel is in new form with this update, and not just in his usual Pulverized rotundness. The following changes are intended to make his kit far more comprehensible and dynamic. We revisited the nuances of his abilities and their synergies, simplified them, and made them more situationally viable across the board. Overall, Grendel's rework has given him more ways to feast on, fight, and flatten anyone that stands in his way!
Increased Armor gained from each enemy alive in Grendel's Gut from 50 to 250.
Added a new HUD indicator to show the number of enemies and their Health in Grendel's Gut. The Armor that he gains from enemies thanks to his passive is now also visible here. 
Removed the 1.5/s Energy drain while enemies are in Grendel's Gut. 
Replaced the Armor Reduction with 2% of their total Shields and Health overtime (does not scale). 
Health and Shields are more universally applicable, making Nourish affect enemies across a wider range of types.
Unified Radius for all ranks (25m for all). 
Enemy auras are now disabled while inside Grendel's Gut. 
For example, after clearing an Ancient Healer Eximus' Overguard, casting Feast on it will nullify its damage reduction buff while inside Grendel's Gut. 
Grendel can now cast Feast on enemies that are open to a Mercy kill.
Sentient enemies caught in Grendel's Gut with Feast are no longer automatically expelled after 8 seconds. 
Grendel can now Feast a maximum of 5 enemies at a time. 
With the above buffs to Feast, the previous 40 enemy max would understandably be far too overpowered. The new cap allows players to make the most of Feast's more powerful state and keep them actively seeking enemies to chomp on without clearing the whole map in one go.
Moved to the 3rd ability slot. 
We felt Pulverize didn't suit the "ultimate" status we've prescribed for other Warframes. So instead, we buffed Regurgitate to bring it up to the level we expect for a 4th ability slot. 
Grendel no longer needs to have enemies in his Gut to cast Pulverize. 
Worth noting that even if there are enemies in his Gut, there is no longer an energy-per-second drain tied to them as per the changes made to Feast. 
Reduced the drain on an empty Gut from 10 Energy/s to 3 Energy/s. 
Feast, Nourish, and Regurgitate can now be cast while in Pulverize. 
Added a 50% Armor Reduction (at max rank) to enemies struck by Pulverize (scales with Ability Strength Mods). 
Removed the Enemy Level multiplier from the total Impact Damage scaling. 
New formula: Total Impact Damage = [Impact Base Damage + (Number of Enemies Stored<=10 x 350)] x (1 + Ability Strength)
Grendel will now heal 200 Health/s for 5 seconds after Pulverize is cast, and then decay to half its starting value over the next 5 seconds (scales with Ability Strength Mods). 
Pulverize can now strike tileset breakables (crates, resource deposits, etc.). 
Made several movement improvements: 
Improved general control over Pulverize's movement. 
Improved movement went traversing slopes to make it smoother. 
Momentum is now maintained on cast in and out. 
Stairs can now be climbed while in Pulverize. 
Sprint can now be used to go faster but at the cost of control over movement. 
Grendel's Pulverize form now takes on player customized colors and Voidshell Material Structure customizations if you own the Grendel Voidshell Skin.
Moved to the 4th ability slot.
Added guaranteed Toxin Status Effect. 
Added 75% Armor Reduction on Regurgitated enemies (scalable with Ability Strength Mods). 
Increased Toxin Radius Range from 5m to 6m (at max rank). 
Added VFX on cast to show the affected radius.
Enemies hit by Regurgitated foes are now slowed by 80%, which decays to 0% over time (6 seconds). 
Changed the total Toxin Damage multiplier from enemy level to total enemy Health %. 
Added a 50 Energy cost on cast. 
Added a "Gut Empty" error when attempting to cast Regurgitate without any enemies in Grendel's Gut.
Ride the wave, Tenno! Yareli has leveled up her water bending skills and increased her survivability with the following changes.
Added a 1 second delay before the Critical Flow buff ends after Yareli stops moving.
Enemies captured in Sea Snares now have 200% Damage Vulnerability from all other sources (similar to Nezha's Blazing Chakram). 
Enemies that are immune to Crowd Control (Eximus with remaining Overguard for example) will not be impacted by Sea Snares' immobilizing effect (as intended), but will still be affected with Damage Vulnerability if caught by the ability. Sea Snares' bubble effects will still circulate around Crowd-Control-immune enemies to indicate that they are being affected by its Damage Vulnerability (and its other damaging effects). 
Increased the seek radius range of Yareli's Sea Snares from 4m to 10m.
For the first 4 seconds after casting, Merulina will gain Health instead of losing it when being attacked, similarly to how Iron Skin functions. Additionally, Yareli will be temporarily invulnerable during the damage absorption. 
Merulina will persist with your Warframe when transferring to and from Operator. 
Also enabled this for all other K-Drives and Warframes during Transference.
Riptide can now be cast in different ways for different effects:
Tap to create a Riptide water tornado that pulls in nearby enemies. 
Upon expiry of the ability, or when recasting while Riptide is still active, the existing Riptide will explode. 
Press and hold to create a Riptide that automatically pulls enemies in and explodes them out (how it used to work before above changes). 
2 seconds after casting, Riptide's suction range now defaults to 5m (non-scaling). 
Similar to how Nezha's Divine Spears impales and slams enemies in two separate actions, Riptide now pulls in enemies first and explodes in the next.
Reduced fire rate from 6 to 5. 
Increased Semi-Automatic mode's Critical Chance from 30% to 42%. 
Increased damage from 46 to 48 for all modes.
Reduced fire rate from 6 to 5. 
Increased damage from 87 to 97. 
Increased radial damage from 33 to 53.
Reduced fire rate from 5.42 to 5. 
Increased damage from 60 to 62.
Reduced fire rate from 7.83 to 5. 
Increased damage from 36 to 46.
Reduced fire rate from 8.3 to 5. 
Increased damage from 30 to 36.
No changes to fire rate.
Increased damage from 36 to 38.
Reduced fire rate from 10 to 4.5. 
Increased damage from 40 to 64.
Reduced fire rate from 10 to 5. 
Increased damage from 47 to 70. 
Reduced reload time from 2.6 to 2.
Reduced fire rate from 7 to 5. 
Increased damage from 32 to 44.
Reduced fire rate from 5 to 2.5. 
Increased damage from 66 to 110.
Reduced fire rate from 8.67 to 3.3.
Increased damage from 58 to 98. 
Reduced reload time from 2 to 1.6.
Reduced fire rate from 6.33 to 3.3. 
Increased damage from 66 to 110.
Reduced fire rate from 8.33 to 5. 
Increased damage from 40 to 42.
Reduced reload time from 2.6 to 2.
Reduced fire rate from 6.67 to 4.5. 
Increased damage from 30 to 40.
Reduced fire rate from 6.67 to 5. 
Increased damage from 48 to 60.
Reduced fire rate from 7.5 to 5. 
Increased damage from 30 to 40.
Reduced fire rate from 6.67 to 3.33. 
Increased damage from 40 to 64.
Reduced fire rate from 6.67 to 5. 
Increased damage from 35 to 43 (this also affects the innate Toxin status).
Reduced fire rate from 5.83 to 4.3. 
Increased damage from 76 to 98. 
Increased reload time from 1.4 to 1.8.
Reduced fire rate from 6.17 to 5. 
Increased damage from 76 to 98. 
Increased reload time from 2.4 to 3.2.
Reduced fire rate from 5.83 to 5. 
Increased damage from 76 to 98. 
Increased reload time from 1.2 to 1.6.
Reduced fire rate from 5.83 to 5. 
Increased damage from 13x10 to 15x10.
The following Eximus changes are a follow up to their rework, Eximus Reborn, that launched in Update 31.5: Angels of the Zariman.
In that update, Eximus saw an improvement to their mechanic readability and were given consistent Heath/Energy Orbs drops and guaranteed ammo drops.
Ultimately these changes made them a clear priority objective and turned them from a threat into an opportunity for players seeking those useful drops.
Since then, we have identified where Eximus units are requiring some more tweaks in light of the previous rework: Spawn Logic and Base Health.
Unified the overall Eximus spawn experience across missions by changing their minimum spawn time down to 60 seconds, and unified the ramp up of spawn rates across all game modes. 
Increased Eximus spawn chance by 20% across all game modes. 
The overall increase of spawn chance was made in an effort to make encounters with Eximus more consistent and reliable. This is quite a large encompassing change, so we look forward to your constructive feedback!
Increased a portion of their base Health so that they have a bigger Health pool (Overguard remains unchanged, Health only). 
It is difficult to provide an exact global percent increase since different units scale in different ways, but you should expect to see them have around 30% more total Health. 
Increased Health threshold for Mercy kills on Eximus.
Before they needed to be below 40% Health to be Mercy killed, now that is doubled, so under 80% Health is enough to Mercy kill them.
Cross-Platform Profiles are now viewable! 
Due to technical limitations, stats on profiles are not available. We may be able to make this possible in the future. 
Added a new message when failing to enter a Dojo on another platform; "Unable to join Cross Platform Dojo. Dojo joining is currently restricted to the same platform only." 
No Dojo support is intended as listed in our Cross-Platform Play post. 
Added an error message when attempting to load into a Cross-Platform Dojo while being in a Cross-Platform squad; "Unable to load into a Cross Platform Dojo while being in a Cross Platform squad. Load into a Dojo first and then invite other platforms to join."
The "in mission" status in the "Recent Players" list is now enabled for Cross Platform players.
Added the functionality to select between users of the same name but different platforms when joining friends in cross platform play. 
Fixed being unable to whisper players from a different platform due to them having spaces in their alias. 
In order to whisper a console player with spaces in their name, you must now add quotation marks around their alias. For example: /w "Kahl Sneak Good 555". 
Fixed @ tags in chat not sending notification to the player being tagged. 
Fixed the cross platform icon sometimes not appearing when Cross-Platform Play is enabled. 
Fixed players losing their Relay blessing when returning to their Orbiter. 
Fixed Cross Platform players being unable to see each other in Relays. 
Fixed being unable to view the Host's Orbiter decorations when invited as Client. 
Fixed the # suffix appearing in the UI of the player that scores a goal in Lunaro.
Upon login, a waypoint will direct you to its new location between the Mods and Incubator Segments. You may need to do some redecorating as your existing decorations may be obstructing your view of it. For new players, this segment becomes available after getting their first Arcane, a waypoint will flash to direct them to the Segment once they do. The former Arcane button in the Foundry will now direct players to the new Segment.
Players will still be able to access and upgrade their Arcanes in their Arsenal, but this Segment will allow for an extensive look at what Arcanes they have across all equipment types!
Increased Health gained from Orbs from 25 to 50. 
This applies to the two guaranteed Health Orbs that are dropped from Eximus Units. 
The empowered Health Orbs generated by Protea's Dispensary remain the same (100 Health per Orb). 
Lavos' Transmutation Probe's Universal Orbs remain the same (25 Health per Orb). 
The Helminth Archon Shard management screen now shows the ability stats of the equipped Warframe in Helminth's seat. Hover over the ability icon to get a better idea of how you want to use your Archon Shards. Selecting an Archon Shard upgrade will reflect in the on-hover stats. 
Earning a Riven via Riven Transmutation will no longer take an inventory slot in your overall Riven count. 
Veiled Rivens from Transmutations only take a slot in your inventory once equipped on a weapon, following the Riven Capacity changes from Update 32: Veilbreaker. 
Changed the Void Relic buff message duration from 4 to 7 seconds. Valuable buff information shouldn't be missed!
Added the ability to select a custom binding for "Advanced Mode" decorating in the Controls > Placement menu.
New Captura Scenes are available for Stock in Chipper's Offerings: 
Veilbreak Forest Scene
Veilbreak Murex Scene
Veilbreak Factory Scene 
Changed the "Defeat Ven'kra Tel/Sprag" Challenges to be part of the randomized Break Narmer challenge pool instead of expected for their respective missions. 
Prior to this change, they were 100% guaranteed to show up as challenges for their respective missions. After December 5th, they will no longer be forced and will just be added to the random pool of challenges that rotate. 
Re-enabled Arsenal access in Kahl's Captura. 
This was disabled in Hotfix 32.1.1 due to issues with Kahl's Arsenal. As promised, it has been re-enabled so that you can access your Kahl fashion in Captura. 
Fixed Kahl's Kuva Ayanga displaying ammo numbers despite having infinite ammo. 
Fixed seeing your Warframe wearing Kahl attachments instead of Kahl himself when entering the Drifter Camp scene in Kahl's Captura. 
Fixed the mission overview for Break Narmer missions always showing "mission failed" and 0s on mission time even if it was a success. 
Fixed Kahl gliding in the air towards targeted enemy if "Melee Auto Targeting" option is toggled on. 
Fixed the Break Narmer mission start button appearing as "MENU_GENERIC1 START MISSION" while using a controller. 
Fixed being unable to close out of the End of Mission screen after aborting a Break Narmer mission while using a controller. 
Fixed Kahl's Grakata sticking straight up after throwing Incendiary Grenades while scooting around on jetpack. 
Fixed being unable to damage the Narmer Scyto Raknoid while Kahl has the Machete equipped. 
Fixed crash related to using the Veilbreaker ability and mashing the context action while flying around with Hellion Jetpack. 
Fixed the Gene Stamp context action being low res.
Fixed crash that would occur when attempting to enter the Dormizone and Drifter Camp Captura scene with Kahl.
Fixed a duplicate Kuva Ayanga appearing on the ground after mounting a Rampart in the Junk Run mission. 
Fixed the tree behind Kahl's Garrison having a semi-transparent root.
Allies in range of Well of Life's radius are now protected from Status Effects. When a Status Effect is blocked, the enemy trapped in Well of Life takes a 10% hit to their Health. 
A projectile FX now circles the enemy affected by Well of Life to indicate when an ally is protected from Status Effects. 
Increased Trinity's Well of Life base range from 8 meters to 15 meters.
Removed the Wolf Sledge, Telos Boltace, Zenith, Tatsu, Tatsu Prime, and Staticor from Conclave. 
In their current state, they had several broken interactions. 
Disabled melee auto-blocking in Conclave.
Disabled shield gating in Conclave.
Disabled Atlas' Rumblers having Petrify AOE in Conclave.
Fixed the Lacera dealing Toxin Damage instead of Electricity Damage on ground slams in Conclave. 
Fixed Electricity Status Effects reproc-ing themselves repeatedly, especially if proc duration was longer (notably with Saryn's passive). 
Fixed Gas Status Effects using its non-Conclave duration.
Ammo pickups have a brand new look! 
Not pictured: Heavy Ammo pickups, but they have been updated as well! 
Updated the in-game Market landing page to showcase Update specific (Lua's Prey) and Featured categories instead of a single grid. 
This is a soft launch to test various features for the landing page, and as such will only appear from some players and not all. 
The Somachord's UI in the Personal Quarters has a new look for all your music listening needs!
Also added helpful tips about the Somachord and Tones.
Increased the roll distance of Mirage's Passive.
Before this change, Mirage's increased roll speed affected how fast the roll animation played, but moved her forward at the same rate, resulting in the roll traveling less distance. Now, the roll moves forward faster, to match the increased animation, so that she travels a distance comparable to a normal roll.
The Exodia Force Arcane will no longer trigger Saryn's Toxic Lash.
This combo was causing significant performance issues.
Updated the Zariman tileset's PBR to add more roughness and color variation. 
Removed the colorful flash of light when Thrax enemies leap in Zariman missions. 
Added icons and name of the drop sources of Pigment Sources in the Dye Research screen. 
Added a chime sound FX to the Ostron Wind Chime Dojo Decoration! 
Added a pulsing glow FX to Xaku's unused The Lost abilities while The Relentless Lost Augment Mod is equipped. 
When receiving an invitation from another player to their Orbiter the options are now Accept/Decline. 
The options were previously Yes/No. 
Cleaned up some FX related to the Exodia Force Arcane.
The Last Gasp Indicator now pulses to its FX audio. 
Reduced the cooldown on the Drifter's Restorative ability in The New War Quest from 13 to 15 seconds.
Removed all of the extra decimal 0s from stats display to reduce the visual noise it was creating. 
Reduced the flare size of the Kuva Tonkor's explosion. 
Removed the Archwing Corpus Attack Drone from the Simulacrum. 
Adjusted the drop shadow text in the in-game Markets to improve readability. 
Updated the in-game Market search bar to the new theme variant. 
Increased the beam on pickups to improve visibility. 
The Male Helmet Pack and Pistoleer Special bundles have been retired from the in-game Market, as per: 
Improved the clarity of the Demolisher's beep sound FX.
Made performance improvements to the Sporelacer's alt-fire projectiles. 
Also added FX to indicate the multishot of its alt-fire projectiles. 
Made Physics engine performance and memory optimizations. 
Made fixes towards Gauss' Mach Crash Augment with Xata's Whisper crushing FPS. As reported here:
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the script runtime. 
Fixed the Kompressa's explosions causing significant spikes in GPU/CPU times.
Improved login and Lunaro load-times for people in Clans or Alliances without Emblems. 
Improved compression quality in the Leverian which improves the appearance of the floor. Drusus doesn't have all that mopping done for nothing.
Made micro-optimization to memory.
Improved lighting performances on older computers. 
Made several optimizations to cloth performance. 
Cuts cloth loading time in half on PC.
Optimized PhysX performance.
Tweaked reporting of crashes due to being out of memory.

### Fixes
The Kuva was poured, the lamps were lit, and the ritual of Continuity began.
Much more awaits you in Lua's Prey! Read below to learn about everything this update brings, including new cosmetics, Nightwave Nora's Mix Vol. 3, Grendel Rework, Quality of Life changes and more!
Lua's Prey is a Mainline Update, meaning that everything the team has been working on since the launch of Veilbreaker is in this update (with the obvious exception of content that is not ready to be released). It is very likely, as it is with all Mainline updates, that things can slip through the cracks. We have a dedicated subforum for bug reporting and feedback. We will be looking at reports here for any follow-up Hotfixing:
Lua rumbles. The Void exposes old scars and revives forgotten secrets. Smelling possible treasure, the Grineer have descended upon these newly exposed halls, only to be instantly Corrupted by its long-dormant Orokin Neural Sentry.
The fundamentals of a Conjunction Survival mission are the same as other Survival missions: maintain Life Support by triggering Life Support Towers and procuring Life Support Capsules dropped by slain enemies. However, additional gameplay mechanics add a new layer of difficulty and variety, fit only for the ancient halls of Lua stirred by the Void.
Upon triggering the alarms, a Lone Guardian begins to make their way to the Life Support Towers throughout Lua. They are at the center of an area null of all colors that follows their every move. Entering the area grants players 100% Ability Strength and a 50% Casting Speed buff for 5 seconds (as long as you remain in the bubble, the duration refreshes).
A new tile within both Yuvarium and Circulus can be found for Tenno that seek it out. Those who have heard the tale of Voruna from her Leverian may feel a familiar presence here.
Visit the official public drop tables for more information.
This is where your Necramech comes in handy! Summon your Necramech to remove the Thrax threat, or continue to take them head-on. In Conjunction Survival, Necramechs have a 2 minute lifespan while active and a 10 minute cooldown on redeployment. Use at your own discretion!
This resource is used to craft Voruna's components, and her Sarofang and Perigale signature Weapons.
Lua Thrax Plasm can also be traded at Archimedean Yonta in the Chrysalith for the rotation rewards listed above (Voruna Blueprints, Sarofang Blueprint, Perigale Blueprint, and New Arcanes).
Voruna and her accompanying wolf heads were named by the community thanks to the incredible generosity of the Tenno during the Quest to Conquer Cancer.
You can also rewatch the Lua's Prey login cinematic in her Leverian.
Voruna Helminth Interaction:
Replacing one of Voruna's abilities via Helminth will remove the option to use its respective Passive on Voruna.
(HOLD) Dynar guards Voruna, increasing her Parkour Velocity.
*This is Voruna's Railjack ability
can be used to cloak allies via the Tactical Menu.
(HOLD) Raksh guards Voruna with Status Effect resistance.
(HOLD) Lycath guards Voruna with increased Heavy Attack efficiency.
*This is Voruna's Helminth ability with diminished efficiency: Instead of a guaranteed drop of Health orbs on melee and Energy Orbs on headshot kills, it is a 50% chance. The passive is also removed.
(HOLD) Ulfrun guards Voruna. If Voruna falls during this time, Ulfrun dies in her place.
Voruna is available for purchase in the in-game Market or earn her blueprint and components from the new Lua Conjunction Survival Nodes: Yuvarium and Circulus. They can also be earned by trading Lua Thrax Plasm with Archimedean Yonta in the Chrysalith. Visit the official public drop tables for more information.
The Sarofang is available for purchase in the in-game Market or earn its blueprint and components from the new Lua Conjunction Survival Nodes: Yuvarium and Circulus. They can also be earned by trading Lua Thrax Plasm with Archimedean Yonta in the Chrysalith. Visit the official public drop tables for more information.
The Perigale is available for purchase in the in-game Market or earn its blueprint and components from the new Lua Conjunction Survival Nodes: Yuvarium and Circulus. They can also be earned by trading Lua Thrax Plasm with Archimedean Yonta in the Chrysalith. Visit the official public drop tables for more information.
Voruna's Anukas Helmet is available for purchase in the in-game Market. The blueprint will be available in the next Volume of Nora's Mix.
The Okuri Tails Ephemera is available for purchase in the in-game Market separately or in The Pack's Heart Bundle.
*The Voruna Voidshell Skin includes the Voruna Voidshell Armor, which can be equipped onto her base skin. Equipping the Armor onto the base skin will open the Material Structures menu, but will only apply to the Armor. Similar to equipping a Voidshell Helmet onto another skin.
The Voruna Voidshell Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Honored Pack Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Xaku Kagura Skin is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Lotus Amaga Skin is available for purchase in the in-game Market after completing The New War Quest.
The Golden Mend Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market. *Complete The New War Quest to unlock access to the Lotus Amaga Skin.
The Gallixware Ceramics Bundle is available exclusively in the in-game Market by purchasing the Golden Mend Collection for yourself or gifting the Collection to someone else (Gifting Bonus).
Material structures are exclusive to Voidshell skins.
The Void Adornment Bundle III is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Mag Voidshell Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
*The Frost Voidshell Skin includes the Frost Voidshell Armor, which can be equipped onto his other skins. Equipping the Armor onto these skins will open the Material Structures menu, but will only apply to the Armor. Similar to equipping a Voidshell Helmet onto another skin.
The Frost Voidshell Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Grendel Voidshell Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
Complete Starter Slot Bundle **Temporarily removed from the Market. It will return shortly.
Two new Tenet weapons have arrived!
The Tenet Plinx is available in the pool of weapons offered by Sisters of Parvos.
The Tenet Ferrox is available from Ergo Glast's shop in the Relays.
Nora ain't done mixing up the System just yet
Nora's Mix Vol. 3 is here!
Styanax Agogean Helmet Blueprint
Styanax Synmora Helmet Blueprint
Styanax Gerousic Helmet Blueprint
Sytanax's Alt Helmets will appear periodically throughout Nora's Mix Vol. 3 in the Cred Offerings.
Fixed some hard edges on Grendel's hand trail FX. 
Fixed Grendel losing all momentum in Regurgitate when jumping with no forward movement input. 
Fixed Grendel being able to Feast on Eidolon Lures.
Fixed Yareli going invisible during the Archon struggle animation in Archon Hunts if she is riding Merulina when the Archon grabs her. 
Once the interaction begins, Yareli will be dismounted from Merulina to struggle against the Archon. 
Fixed loss of function after hacking a panel while riding Merulina and then using Transference. 
Fixed Yareli Specter not using any abilities (apart from Merulina as intended).
In the Veilbreaker and Nora's Mix Vol 1 updates, we buffed a number of underused Warframe Augments (from Ash to Oberon). This third and final batch of buffs tackles Warframe Augments from Saryn to Zephyr. We have increased their viability in missions, which we hope will encourage more build diversity.
*Stats below are all at Max Rank.
Was: Infected enemies within 40m will show up on the Minimap. 
Changes: 
The 40m radius now properly (scales with Ability Range). 
Added +40 Enemy Radar (scales only with rank of mod).
Was: Hitting at least 4 enemies with Spellbind will grant Titania 50 Energy. 
Changes: 
Successfully hitting at least 4 enemies also adds 40% more range on the next cast of Spellbind.
Was: Attracted enemies take 100% more melee damage. 
Changes: 
The 100% damage bonus now applies to all weapons (including Titania's Dex Pixia and Diwata) and scales with Ability Strength.
Was: On death, marked enemies will drop 4 Health Orbs with a 25% chance of dropping an Energy Orb. 
Changes:
Energy Orbs now have a 100% chance of dropping. This amount can still scale with Ability Strength to potentially produce multiple Orbs.
Was: Affected enemies are pulled towards Valkyr and the stun duration is increased by 200%. 
Changes:
The pull strength now scales with distance from Valkyr
meaning enemies are now pulled close to Valkyr instead of colliding or flying past her. 
Stunned enemies will now remain standing instead of getting knocked down so that they are opened up to standing finishers.
Was: After using Rip Line, the next 4 Rip Lines will have no energy cost while airborne. 
Changes:
Added +20% Parkour Velocity.
Was: If Photon Strike hits at least 5 enemies, the next cast will cost no Energy. 
Changes:
After successfully hitting at least 5 enemies, the next cast will fire a second strike.
Was: Enemies touched while sprinting under the effects of speed will take 175 electrical damage with guaranteed Status Effect. 
Changes:
Exposed the radius range stat (3m) and made it scale with Ability Range. 
Increased Electricity Damage to 300.
Was: Allies can pick up Electric Shield. 300% of damage absorbed will be added to Volt's Static Discharge. 
Changes:
More than one ally can now pick up an Electric Shield. Previously, if a second ally picked up a Shield, the first would be forcibly dropped. Now, everyone in the squad can carry around a Shield simultaneously.
Volt can now cast more Electric Shields while carrying one. This change applies to the base ability as well!
Was: Teleporting to a Reservoir costs 50% Energy and grants 10% Critical Chance to Sniper Rifles per meter traveled for 9s. Maximum of 350% Critical Chance. 
Changes:
The bonus 10% Critical Chance now applies to all Primary weapons. 
Reduced the 350% Critical Chance maximum to 250% now that all primary weapons have the buff applied.
Was: Allies within 4m of the cloud become invisible to enemies for 14s. 
Changes:
Changed the invisibility applied to no longer make allies visible when they make noise. They will now remain invisible for the full duration regardless of noise.
Was: Casting The Lost increases Ability Strength for The Lost by 35%. The bonus can stack up to 3x and resets if you cast the same ability twice. 
Changes:
Each stack also increases Ability Efficiency for The Lost by 15% up to 45%. 
Clarified in description: Casting the same ability back-to-back resets the effect.
Was: Each enemy hit increases Tail Wind Damage by 100%. Damage resets upon being on ground for 2s. 
Changes:
Casting Tail Wind (Tap and Hold) now resets Zephyr's double/bullet jump
making it easier to stay airborne! 
Bullet jumping now also overrides the velocity of Tail Wind
so you can more precisely control your direction after flight.
Was: Each enemy hit by Airburst increases secondary damage by 25% for 14s. 
Changes:
Increased damage to 40% (max still 500%).
Fixed Kompressa's bubbles exploding abrupting right after firing due to increased multishot from Mods. As reported here:
Fixed the Zenoriu Mask being invisible on the Drifter when playing as Client. As reported here:
Fixed the Ki'Teer Cornu Diadem, Zenoriu Earpiece, Zato Earpiece/Oculus, Revenant Mephisto Mask/Diadem, and Respa Prime Mask looking incorrect on Clients. 
Fixed performing a Heavy Attack turning other active melee effects into Heavy Attacks. 
Fixed Conservation animals (including natural spawns) being susceptible to damage after being tranquilized. This was fixed to prevent them from accidentally being killed after successfully tranquilizing. 
Fixed all players in the Squad cutting to the fullscreen Conservation capture screen after a squadmate has successfully captured an animal. Now, once a squadmate makes a successful capture, only they will see the screen, while the others will just get the reward popup as intended. 
Fixed the Wolf Sledge's Heavy Attack/throw not consuming its combo counter. 
Also fixed its combo counter getting stuck after detonating it mid-flight. 
Fixed all weapons that require charge for alt-fire not gaining charges from kills obtained by damage over time (notably the Sepulcrum). 
However, weapons with charges on headshots will still ignore damage over time kills as those are not considered precision headshot kills. 
Fixed the Critical Chance and Status Chance stats not being listed for the Talons, Castanas, and Sancti Castanas in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Valkyr's Augment Mod Swing Line not working when casting directly above the player.
Fixed issues with Umbra's hand position during The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed Zephyr being unable to pick-up any resources while hovering slightly above the floor using Tail Wind. 
Fixed Heavy Caliber having no effect on Ivara's Artemis Bow. 
It will now behave like Cernos Prime when Heavy Caliber is equipped. 
Fixed Xaku's Grasp of Lohk sound FX being choppy if Range Mods are equipped. 
Fixed Modular Amps with the Shraksun Scaffold doing less damage on headshots to Eidolons than to the rest of the body. 
Fixed cases of Archon Nira being able to instantly kill you with her choking mist attack during the second phase of her assassination mission in Archon Hunts. 
Fixed issue of Nira's Screech VFX/SFX staying on the screen for Client if they are downed and revived during this attack in the Archon Hunt. 
Fixed issues of players not being invited to unlock the Steel Path when talking to Teshin in a Relay. 
Fixed Vitoplast pathing issues in Void Flood missions when the Chaotic Vitoplast Contamination Effect is active. 
Fixed the "Get to the Objective. Players waiting for you: X" pop-up remaining on screen if a squad member aborts via the Zariman elevator. 
Fixed some icons in Vendors Wares unintentionally fading in and out. 
Fixed extreme screen shake when using the Nataruk's charged shot and Mag's Magnetize together. 
Fixed Nataruk's arrow being half the size it's supposed to be. 
Fixed being able to change the colors of the Conquera Syandana (it is intended to stay the pink color to represent Breast Cancer Awareness). 
If you own the Conquera Syandana, it has been reset to its original pink. 
Fixed movement feat button callouts not appearing correctly while using a controller in the Waverider Quest comics. 
Fixed Void Slinging into the Golden Maw in the War Within Quest killing it, causing a progression stop.
Fixed the little particle cloud effect lingering around at the start of a mission if you have the Shard Hex Ephemera equipped on your Operator. 
Fixed sound FX duplicating and getting increasingly louder when shooting a Secondary weapon with the Capstan Deluxe Skin and the Galvanized Crosshairs Mod equipped. 
Fixed Host's Warframe being invisible to Clients after they load into an Open Zone mission. 
Fixed fog-like effect in missions if Anti-Aliasing is set to FXAA and Trilinear Filtering is off. 
Fixed maintaining the Void Sling ball of light state when using zip line context action while Void Slinging. 
Fixed Trinity Specter's Energy Vampire not applying to allies. 
Fixed the Quatz and Kuva Quartakk's burst fire mode not working when the shoot input is set to scrolling the mouse wheel. 
Fixed the Ostron Cove Dojo Room having very limiting restrictions for placing decorations
it should now be much easier to place decorations! 
Fixed the Zylok not reloading automatically when running out of ammo. 
Fixed the Tonkor grenade remaining in-hand if you roll when reloading. 
Fixed losing functionality when bullet jumping off the ledge of the Drifter's Camp while using Transference. 
Fixed Afentis' bolts not exploding on kill until after the body had disappeared. 
Also fixed the same issue occuring on the Zhuge and Zhuge Prime. 
Fixed being unable to equip the Dark Split-Sword with any skins. 
Fixed slight misalignment of the Sugatra attachment point on the Ripkas. 
Fixed several parts of the Ogris sliding around when selecting colors while customizing. 
Fixed the Attack Corpus Osprey Drones not attacking. 
Fixed a lingering VFX on the Tenet Flux rifle if you swap weapons while firing. 
Fixed Kahl's Machete in The New War Quest not functioning. 
Fixed "m" for meters and "x" for multipliers not being localized. 
Fixed the wrong transmissions playing when you have the wrong Requiem equipped during Kuva Lich/Sister of Parvos encounters. 
Fixed the text in the Archon Hunt Navigation panel, New Kahl Customizations Unlocked popup, and Helminth Archon Shard screen overlapping in multiple languages. 
Fixed Archon Shard icons getting cut off in Inbox messages. 
Fixed the water tank of the Soaktron skin appearing on the Phenmor's Incarnon Form. 
Fixed lights dimming when entering the Personal Quarters in your Orbiter after completing The New War Quest. 
Fixed the discounted prices for Darvo's Deal of the Day not appearing correctly until you select the Purchase button. 
Also fixed discounts not applying to weapons that are Mastery Rank locked. 
Fixed the Platinum price of an item in the landing page of the in-game Market not being visible on the item that is being actively showcased. 
Fixed the pop-up description for the incomplete Phobos Junction in Navigation explaining the Natah Quest instead of the Junction. 
Fixed the Holster Amp Aura Mod not working if you load into an Open Landscape from a town (Cetus to Plains of Eidolon). 
Fixed the Holster Amp Aura Mod not stacking with other squadmates that have it equipped. 
Fixed the description for the Tek Gravity Mod showing incorrect values in other languages (intended to be 5, 10, 15, 20). 
Fixed some weapons having delayed reload animations. 
Fixed Acolytes not despawning after a player jumps into water volume and dies. 
Fixed the top of the Railjack being visible while in the Dorsal Turret. 
Fixed the Railjack hatch disappearing at certain angles. 
Fixed resource deposits being covered by rubble in the post-The New War Quest Plains of Eidolon making them inaccessible. 
Fixed the Aegrit's VFX persisting on Warframe's hand. 
Fixed Titania in Razorwing being able to enter into large structures in the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed Titania in Razorwing being able to fly under a walkway in the Infested Ship tileset and losing all function. 
Fixed getting permanently stuck in a wall hole in the Zariman tileset. 
Fixed unreachable Voidplumes that drop between some crates in the Zariman tileset. As reported here:
Fixed objective timer lingering on screen while returning to Cetus, Fortuna, or the Necralisk after abandoning a Bounty. 
Fixed the Drifter being invisible during the entire "Table for Two" stage of The New War Quest. 
Fixed a large number of NPCs appearing in the Relay after returning from a Railjack mission. 
Fixed Drifter being squashed down to Operator size when sitting in the Transference chair in the Orbiter. 
Fixed the metal wires used to traverse the Ropalolyst arena having a low res context action. 
Fixed text in multiple languages overlapping in the "Most Used" Equipment list in the Profile. 
Fixed being able to clip through certain out of bounds spots in the Mot and Ani tileset using Void Sling. 
Fixed certain textures of the Skaut Landing Craft being completely unlit, causing it to look completely black. 
Fixed the back of the Skaut Landing Craft being completely transparent during the intro cutscene of any Archwing mission on the Corpus Ship tileset. As reported here:
Fixed incorrect button callout to rotate Ayatan Treasures in the Ayatan management screen. 
Fixed auto-installing Ayatan Stars into Treasures causing the came to softlock. 
Fixed the Mastery Rank Test available and Invite notification flashing appearing as black squares with Enhanced Graphic Engine enabled. 
Fixed flickering on Heat and Viral Melee elemental FX. 
Fixed weird collision meshes that were causing issues in Corpus Railjack missions. 
Fixed colliding into objects with K-Drive no longer resulting in being ragdolled off. 
Fixed an object from another room poking through the ceiling in the Orokin Void tileset. 
Fixed out of bounds area in the Grineer Forest and Infested Ship tileset, and Ambulas arena on Pluto. 
Fixed several map holes on the Corpus Ice Planet tilesets found in Railjack. 
Fixed issues with an area of the floor in both Simulacrums not lighting properly.
Fixed pillars looking unlit in the Hangar area found in Corpus Ice Tilesets found on Venus.
Fixed a file path showing in the Syndicate Medallion pop-up when opening/closing pause menu quickly. 
Fixed the Sirocco reload sound FX playing at incorrect time when equipped on Operator.
Fixed particle FX fragments lingering when accessing the pause menu. 
Fixed Warframe helmets on Kuva Lich shoulders not matching the Lich's color scheme.
Fixed the items acquired list getting cut off when expanding the end of mission screen.
Fixed various pick-ups in the Mastery Rank 27 and 30 test using Forma icons. 
Fixed Credits stolen by a Kuva Lich/Sister of Parvos not having the same comma formatting as default Credits in the end of mission screen. 
Fixed the stats scrollbar also scrolling the weapons list in the Arsenal. 
Fixed there being no cooldown for the following Gear in the Simulacrum:
Grand Finale
Starburst
Ki'Teer Firework 
Fixed Gear cooldown notification with timer duration not appearing when selecting Gear as Operator. 
Fixed the "X Energy Gained" UI indicator at the bottom of the screen on Energy Orb pickups only ever showing 25 Energy regardless of the actual amount. 
Fixed Dojo reticle appearing on top of various UI elements when decorating. 
Fixed some enemies not becoming alerted when players arrive at the beginning of missions. 
Fixed cases where a UI message would adopt the color of a different element on screen.
For example, if your Relic is cracked while a Conduit Tower is active in a Void Fissure Relic Disruption mission, your message may take on the color of the active Conduit. 
Fixed map hole in the Uranus Sealab Tileset. 
Fixed certain ships in The New War Quest not having collisions, allowing players to fly through them. 
Fixed cases of the Skaut Landing Craft causing the spawn in cutscene to be skipped.
Fixed crash that would rarely occur in Railjack when fighters would stray too far from the map.
Fixed the notification for 'Primary Weapon Ammo full' not appearing when the player is in Archwing underwater. 
Fixed clients being unable to change saturation levels in the Cetus Captura scene. 
Fixed rare cases of objects with similar FX not playing the correct sound when colliding. 
Made several Navigation and Pathfinding fixes and improvements to many levels: 
Fixed Map Navigation issue that occurs on Lua.
Fixed Navigation issues in the Grineer Sealab Tileset. 
Fixed Navigation issues on Earth tilesets.
Fixed UI overlay issue when joining Friends in Void Fissure missions through using chat commands. 
Fixed unbinding the "Rotation Decoration" button removing the ability to delete other Orbiter decorations. 
Fixed Drop Location text overlapping in the Codex when viewing the following Mods:
Serration
Hornet Strike
Stretch
Target Cracker
Fixed issues of text overlapping for several languages during Open Landscape Bounties when facing off against an opponent. 
Ie. Tenno vs. Garv in the Cambion Drift 
Fixed some animation issues with the Mortier Heavy Blade Skin on the Masseter. 
Fixed dark pixels appearing on several Syandanas for both the Drifter and Warframes. 
Fixed several Syandana positioning issues on the Drifter Grineer Suit.
Fixed the Localization of some Bounties that incorrectly mentioned Cetus instead of Fortuna. 
Fixed cases of your Warframe obscuring your vision when using Transference and leaving them directly behind the Operator. 
Fixed rare issue where players would be stuck in an invisible room when modding their Archwing in the Arsenal. 
Fixed harmless Script error that would occur on grenade explosions. 
Fixed UI errors that would occur when trying to select a new emote when already kneeling in your Personal Quarters. 
Reduced the FX on the "Heart" in Deimos. 
Fixed the Ocean in the Southwest corner edge of the Plains of Eidolon displaying the wrong texture when using the Classic Graphic Engine option. 
Fixed the width of some doors on Orokin based tilesets which fixed a lot of issues where NPCs could get caught on the sides.
Fixed being able to access an out of bounds area in the Infested Ship tileset's spawn room. 
Fixed tarps hovering in the air that were originally attached to houses pre-New War Quest on Cetus.
Fixed getting stuck in random spots in the General Sargus Ruk arena. 
Fixed issue where the Auditor Bursa could place its laser wall attack anywhere. As reported here:
Fixed issue where changing your equipped chest piece on Drifter with a Focus badge would cause the badge to become giant and appear to float. As reported here: 
Fixed the icons of some Narmer Eximus enemies in the Codex. 
Fixed some of Sons dialogue not playing when capturing a weakened Predasite/Vulpaphyla in the Cambion Drift. 
Fixed several issues related to players spawnings Specters, allies, and ammo using the Gear wheel in mission.
Fixed being unable to chat-link some Kitgun blueprints:
Brash
Shrewd
Steadyslam
Tremor
Fixed the following Kitgun chambers being chat-linked instead of the main blueprint 
Sporelacer 
Vermisplicer
Fixed some instances of Chinese and Traditional Chinese needing to be swapped in the Launcher tab. 
Fixed menus overlapping when hitting pause while opening up the menu for a Vendors wares. 
Fixed some Ephemera FX that are intended to appear only when walking lingering while players are idle. 
Fixed some customization categories for the Operator unnecessarily zooming out. 
Fixed the Apis and Hecate Syandanas not being visible on any Warframes. 
Fixed Teshin sound FX playing on Noggles.
Fixed an issue where Operators are sometimes seen lounging around during cinematics. 
Fixed Host being able to invite players from the Friends management screen while set to Solo. 
Fixed crash when leaving the Arsenal immediately after hovering over Incarnon Weapon UI. 
Fixed a mission crash that would sometimes occur from a broken Kuva Lich or Sisters of Parvos transmission. 
Fixed crash that would occur when two members of a squad attempted to start the Vox Solaris Quest together, and the host would exit the elevator from Fortuna first. 
Fixed crash when using the "Kill Enemies" button in the Simulacrum while Friendly Fire is enabled. 
Fixed invites to play Frame Fighter appearing as a Quest invite. 
Fixed a crash that would rarely occur when attempting to extract from a Defense mission on Earth. 
Fixed script error caused by failing a mission with the Vaykor Syandana equipped. 
Fixed crash in Railjack Void Storm Volatile mission. 
Fixed script error when a Revenant in the squad uses Mesmer Skin and then Reaves onto another Revenant, who then Reaves onto an enemy affected by Enthrall.
"Show UI in Screenshots" option toggle not working when disabled (UI still shows in screenshots). 
Vitoplast Drone not showing collected Vitoplast for Clients in Void Flood missions. 
Excalibur Umbra will lose the Health increase from Arcane Blessing after using Transference.

## Echoes of Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.1.4
**Date:** 2022-11-09T22:33:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.1.3
**Date:** 2022-11-08T15:59:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.1.2
**Date:** 2022-11-04T20:55:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.1.2:
Intact Sentient Cores can now be picked up by Vacuum! 
A QOL bump due to the amount of UI noise experienced in Archon Hunt missions (specifically Defense). 
All color channels are now visible in the Operator Attachments category when an Ephemera is equipped that requires more than 1 color channel. 
This fixes only having 1 color option for Ephemeras that use more than just the Energy color channel for Operators (Eros Wings, Nyctalus, etc.). 
Added more fly-in cinematics for embarking and disembarking from the Skaut. 
Adjusted more offsets for the Shard Bane Ephemera on Nidus, Gendel, Chroma, Lavos, Frost, Hildryn, Atlas, Rhino, Ash, and Vauban. 
Made more improvements to attachment offsets on Drifter
notable fixes: 
Fixed issues with the Daedalus Chest Plate (Jade, Solstice, and Prisma), Kishikami Chest Armor, Focus School Badges (Zenurik, Naramon, Vazarin, Unairu). 
Fixed issues with Syandanas on default outfit: Ayla, Cryona, Deru, Despot Cape, Gigelor Prime, Graxx Spitfire, Hecate (regular and Prisma), Jade Axa, Kahtuss Prime, Ki'teer Razza, Obsidian Sedai, Reshantur Cult, Tenui, Vasa and Yomo.
Fixed Conquera Syandana using the wrong color slot on Drifter.
Kahl's Grineer Brothers brought in via Skaut "Kahl Beacon" Air Support now have names as intended!
Adjusted timing on Ven'kra Tel's sniper laser shots.
Fixed one of the caged Grineer in the Murex mission not matching their appearance once freed.
Fixed loot dropped from enemies getting stuck "raining" down over and over if dropped into teleport volume in the Prison Break mission. 
More fixes towards the "Kahl Sneak Good" challenge not completing if you stun a Deacon without it seeing you. 
Fixed missing weapon barrel on the Rampart, which made it shoot projectiles from the bottom of the turret instead of the gun barrels.
Fixed Rampart projectiles colliding with the Rampart platform when fired at certain angles.
It still can get blocked if you aim all the way downwards, but it should hopefully be clearer from the barrel's positioning visible on the HUD. 
Fixed script error with the "Kahl Let the Drahks Out" challenge.
Increased Chipper's base Health for the Archon Hunt Defense mission.
Added new Chipper transmissions to the Archon Hunt Defense missions. 
Added new Chipper transmissions for "Wave Complete" in Archon Hunt Defense.

### Fixes
Changed the way that respective platform icons appear for players in order to continue to comply with player identification requirements across platforms. The following are the new icon changes:
Platform-specific icons only appear for players who are playing on the same platform
Your platform-specific icon will appear beside your own name
All players on platforms other than your own will have the generic icon
A visual example of how PC players will see this: 
Fixed Cross Platform icons appearing too large for Xbox players.
Fixed Corpus Shield Ospreys spawned by the Skaut "Kahl Beacon" Air Support halting Defense mission progress until they despawn. As reported here:
Fixed Grineer units spawned from the Skaut "Kahl Beacon" Air Support using all the same "Tusk Hellion" name tag. 
Fixed ability to spawn an infinite amount of Narmer Hellions in Kahl Captura by Unveiling them.
The "Kill Enemies" button in Captura now also checks for allied faction enemies, as there is otherwise no way for players to get rid of them once converted.
Fixed enemy Narmer one-shot projectile ignoring Limbo's Rift state. The Rift has some exceptions, but these mad lad shots are not one of them. 
More fixes towards ammo pickups hovering around Warframe when Spectre has more max ammo than player. 
Fixed the Shard Bane Ephemera only showing 4/5 Archon Shards when equipped on certain Warframes. 
Fixed Syandanas reverting to default colors when Look-linked in Chat. 
Fixed Brachiolysts sometimes spawning non-Sentient limbs when killed by a Slash Status Effect. 
Fixed all Landing Crafts using the Liset Engine VFX in the Corpus Outpost and Grineer Shipyard tileset fly out extraction cinematics. 
Fixed the default Lotus end of mission transmissions playing in the Archon Hunt missions. 
Fixed script error with launching a mission with an Ephemera equipped.
Adding Multishot to the Kompressa makes some of the bubbles explode immediately after firing.

## Echoes of Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.1.1
**Date:** 2022-11-03T18:27:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
We will look to add this back in our next Update when we can make the code change for all platforms! For now you'll want to load into Kahl's Captura with your best Fashionframe. This fixes the Archon Shards barely showing when equipped.As mentioned in Echoes of Veilbreaker, Armor Attachments for the Operator may come down the line later in this category.This was causing many issues due to wonky hover animations
we may re-enable this in the future.
### Changes
Changes:
Increased the wind-up time for Sprag's hammer throw ability in the Break Narmer fight. 
The doors to leave the arena will now open immediately after Veilbreaking Sprag (instead of waiting for her transmissions to finish). 
Fixed Brother having difficulty placing bomb to activate the entrance into the Sprag arena. 
Fixed the "Kahl Sneak Good" (Complete the mission without being spotted by a Deacon) Break Narmer challenge failing after hitting a Deacon with the Veilbreaker ability. 
The challenge now requires the Deacon to actually identify Kahl as a target for it to fail. 
Fixed Kahl's Brothers incorrectly placing bombs on Immunodes in the Prison Break mission. 
More fixes towards Kahl's Brothers being unable to destroy rubble to show hidden password in the Prison Break mission. 
Fixed physics issues when Kahl is knocked back by Sprag's hammer throw in the Break Narmer mission fight. 
Fixed Sprag's marker lingering after her small cinematic introduction.
Fixed script error related to Drahks in the Junk Run mission. 
Fixed script error in the Prison Break Break Narmer mission caused by reviving downed Brothers.
Fixed the alias numeric suffix while Cross Platform Play is enabled showing in a chat DM with anyone. 
The intent is to only show if you're in a DM with someone using the same name as you from a different platform. 
Fixed crash related to the numeric suffixes added to Aliases for crossplay.

### Fixes
Fixed the Attachments Energy color slot not applying selected colors to Ephemeras when equipped on Drifter and Operator. 
Fixed being unable to change the colors of the Nyctalus and Eros Ephemera other than Energy when equipped on Drifter. 
Fixes towards ammo pickups getting infinitely stuck to you after summoning a Specter while the Vacuum Mod is equipped. As reported here:
If you run into this issue, a temporary fix is to clear your ammo from your weapon by shooting to clear the hovering pickups with the same ammo type. 
Fixed the doors to the Quills in Cetus opening before transferring to Operator. 
Fixed the Shard colors on the Shard Bane Ephemera not appearing in Look Link previews. As reported here:
Fixed selected Vitus Emblem's energy colors not applying. As reported here:
Fixed Sprag freezing in place (sometimes mid-air) in the Ven'kra Tel and Sprag fight in the Orokin Sabotage mission.
Fixed Sprag in Orokin Sabotage mission not having her leg tube attached properly. 
Fixed rare situation where Vendors/Timers were not resetting/updating if the player has 2 or more recent Vendor purchases expire at the same time. 
Fixed the Shard Hex Ephemera not updating for other players in the Relay. 
Fixed crash related to Specters, Umbra (on Transference), and other friendly NPCs that use player loadouts consuming ammo. 
Fixed crash related to Mining Tool UI. 
Fixed crash related to the UI when quitting the game. 
Fixed crash related to Skaut's Air Support spawning Corpus agents. 
Fixed harsh black lighting on the Landing Craft in the selection and customization screens. 
Fixed some Syandanas producing dark pixel rectangles on chest's of both Warframe and Drifter.
Fixed the UI elements in Syndicate screens overlapping if using a non-standard aspect ratio. 
Fixed Chipper missing key (spoiler) details when hitting max rank in Kahl's Garrison. 
Fixed script error that could occur when logging out at the very beginning of a mission. 
Fixed script error during the repeated button pressing struggle sequence against Archons in The New War Quest. 
Fixed script error that could occur if the Vacuum or Fetch Mods instantly picked up a bundle of Credits before it could finish disgorging from the crate you smashed.
Fixed script error with the Grineer Flameblade when they attack. 
Fixed script error related to the transmissions queue.
Adding Multishot to the Kompressa makes some of the bubbles explode immediately after firing.

## Echoes of Veilbreaker: Update 32.1
**Date:** 2022-11-02T15:00:14Z | **Type:** Update
## Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.13
**Date:** 2022-10-14T16:48:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.13:

### Fixes
Fixed Archon Hunts being scheduled to end 1 day too early. 
Made numerous fixes towards AI navigation pathing through both Orb Valls and Narmerized Orb Vallis. 
This fixes scenarios where AI wouldn't be moving and objectives not being properly placed such as the one below.
Fixed Capture Containers spawning in very odd and often unreachable areas during the Defend and Capture Containers objective in Orb Vallis Bounties. 
Notably in the tunnel near Central Maintenance and while playing through Narmer missions.
Fixed Dargyn Pilots always dying when their Dargyn is destroyed.
This resulted in an inability to achieve certain Riven Challenges of "Kill X Dargyn pilots before they hit the ground". Dargyn Pilots will now take some damage when the Dargyn is destroyed but will ultimately survive and plummet to their demise, thus offering you a window to achieve said Riven Challenge. 
Fixed a Chat window softlock after tabbing to a Chat window with a large number of messages queued up. 
Fixed Panthera primary fire punch through going through the environment but not through enemies.
Fixed more instances where Transference at low frame rate could break animations/ability use. 
Fixed animation issue when Kahl is running with the Salvaged Kuva Ayanga.
Fixed inability to donate the Stalker Noggle to the Dojo Treasury. 
Fixed a certain VFX appearing too early in the Drifter Camp Syndicate ranks. 
Fixed script error with Gyre's Rotorswell.

## Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.12
**Date:** 2022-10-12T19:39:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.11
**Date:** 2022-10-06T16:31:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.11:
Swapped the unintentional duplicate Lith H5 Relic in the Void drop tables with a Lith P6.

### Fixes
Fixed prompt to expand Dojo Legend missing the D-pad icon for controllers.
Fixed opening the Arsenal Focus screen in a Relay resulting in the minimap breaking.
Fixed the drop down sorting function missing from some vendors in the Necralisk.

## Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.10
**Date:** 2022-10-05T20:43:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.9
**Date:** 2022-10-05T17:59:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Veilbreaker: Revenant Prime: Hotfix 32.0.9:
Get instant access to the latest Prime Warframe with Revenant Prime Access. Add Revenant Prime along with his signature Prime Weapons Tatsu Prime and Phantasma Prime, and exclusive Prime Accessories along with Resource and Affinity Boosters to your Arsenal.
The lost one rises. Wield the essence of the Eidolon as you wield Revenant Prime's power.
Tatsu Prime glows with spectral splendor. It grows more powerful with each enemy's demise, especially when wielded by Revenant.
Phantasma Prime is burnished with deadly force. In Revenant's hands, it has increased magazine capacity. The might of its irradiated plasma is reminiscent of the fearsome Eidolon.
Aurimus Prime Syandana
Vetala Prime Armor 
90 Day Resource Booster
90 Day Affinity Booster
Now that Revenant Prime Access is available, Relics containing components for the following items have been removed from Drop Tables and will return in Prime Resurgence at a later date. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Nezha Prime
Guandao Prime
Zakti Prime
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Red Veil sacrifice of Nezha Prime Chassis to Harrow Prime Systems. 
Replaced Steel Meridian sacrifice of the Zakti Prime Receiver to the Astilla Prime Receiver. 
Replaced Steel Meridian sacrifice of Nezha Prime Neuroptics to Nidus Prime Neuroptics.
Get Revenant Prime instantly with Prime Access, or earn Relics in-game to craft Revenant Prime, Tatsu Prime and Phantasma Prime. Find the Prime Access packs here:
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers, you can see the full Disposition changes here:
Read about our Riven Disposition Guidelines here:
Earn horrifying new Customizations that are sure to scare!
Spend your Mother Tokens on spooky limited-time customizations today.
The Nights of Naberus, the Origin System's annual celebration of Orokin immortality (and all things macabre) has returned! This year, there are new items to earn with your Mother Tokens, including Decorations for your Orbiter and much more!
Revenant In Action Glyph
Revenant Vania Helmet Blueprint
Haunted Interior Decorations
Jack O'Naut Statue
Sheev Blueprint 
Sheev Blade
Sheev Hilt 
Sheev Heatsink 
Plague Akwin Blueprint* 
Plague Keewar Blueprint* 
Plague Bokwin Blueprint* 
Plague Kripath Blueprint*
Exodia Contagion*
Exodia Epidemic*
*We added these Plague Star rewards to Daughter's Naberus Offerings as the event will not be rerun this year. We did the same in 2020, since there was quite a bit of a gap between Plague Star runs.
Visit Daughter on Deimos all month long to trade your Mother Tokens for the full spread of offerings. You can also save up to 25% on Day of the Dead bundles from previous years. Log-in and join us in celebrating the Nights of Naberus today!
Starting this Sunday, October 9th, the Archon Hunt will swap every Sunday moving forward at 8:00 PM ET (Syndicate reset time). The Archons will now also appear at a fixed rotation, as follows: Amar, Nira, Boreal.
Revenant's Reave ability changes: 
Reave will now scale with sprint speed for both distance traveled and speed while in Reave. 
Reave can now be interrupted by jumping, which preserves your forward momentum.
The above changes were made to allow more movement focused builds! 
Nova's Neutron Star Augment Changes: 
Added line of sight (LOS) requirement to its AOE explosions and for the Stars to find targets, ignored for the first 5 meters
Reduced explosion radius from 16m to 8m. 
After Neutron Star's damage and range was buffed in the Veilbreaker update, the Augment's usage increased by over 67 times and climbing.
Because of the Helminth system, this Augment was being used more than Nova herself.
Changing the Augment to Heat damage while also releasing Archon Vitality resulted in higher damage than anticipated (multiplied by squadmates' damage boosts), and the auto-seeking nature made Neutron Star far better at room clearing than other Helminth radial damage abilities like Thermal Sunder.
We have a history of encouraging engagement with the enemy instead of automation, so LOS changes seemed the most important factor to address, while still letting it maintain the new high damage features.
Reduced the Mastery Rank restriction of all Prime Warframes to 0. 
Only 11/34 frames had any Mastery Rank restrictions, so we decided to make these consistent with the rest (there were no Mastery Rank restrictions on any non-Primed Warframes).
The autocomplete feature when linking someone's username in chat is no longer case sensitive. 
Made slight tweaks to the Conservation Lure call and Vasca Kavat escape sound FX.

### Fixes
Fixed loss of function when attempting to mount a Rampart while flying on Kahl's Hellion Jetpack in the Prison Break mission. 
Fixed contact actions being disabled after running out of Hellion Jetpack fuel. 
Fixed the Genestamp waypoint not appearing in certain areas of the Prison Break mission tileset. 
Fixed a black square floating along one of the walls in the Sneaky Sabotage mission. 
Fixed Kahl's Boltor Grattler doing inconsistent damage to the Wolf of Saturn Six when aiming under his feet in the Prison Break mission.
Fixed damage types from equipped weapons applying to Mag's Shards while she is standing in a zone created by Residual Arcanes. 
The Arcane effects apply only to weapons, her Shards will only apply Slash damage as intended while in these zones. 
Fixed Volt being unable to pick up or carry his Shield after his Energy drops to 0. 
Fixed Clients experiencing loss of function after dying while using Sevagoth's Exalted Shadow. 
Fixed Atlas' Landslide ability triggering Archon Mod effects. 
Fixed the Slaytra's Slash procs not lasting twice as long as normal (12 s) as indicated in its description. 
Fixes towards Styanax's Final Stand projectile explosions damaging enemies through walls. 
This ability already had a line of sight requirement, but sometimes the javelins would manage to pierce parts of the level
Fixed the spear from Styanax's idle animation not disappearing if the animation is interrupted while in the Warframe select menu in the Arsenal. 
Fixed a rounding error in the Arsenal that made it possible that the Ammo Maximum stat would not agree with the in-game value
Fixed Styanax's idle animation playing when looking at Secondary weapons in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the Eros Wings Ephemera's selected colors not updating when equipped on Operator/Drifter.
Fixed the Hey Kiddo Operator being invisible or swapped with Excalibur at multiple points in the Chimera Prologue Quest. 
Fixed the Depth of Field Captura setting being disabled if it is also disabled in your display settings.
This also fixes receiving an error related to Depth of Field after switching between Warframe/Operator. 
Fixed the "Waiting for other players: 1/2-4" message staying on the screen even if everyone has left the Archon Assassination arena in Archon Hunts. 
Fixed being able to chat link someone with a space in their name. 
Fixed the page 1 challenges in the Wave Rider Quest having incorrect input labels. 
Was: "HOLD "
Now: HOLD CTRL (as intended) 
Fixed the Syndicate Pledge screen not being centered. 
Fixed scrolling in the weapon's list in the Arsenal also scrolling the stats window. 
Fixed 'Most Used' percentages in the Profile page overlapping other text in several languages.
Fixed several script errors related to Nova's Null Star. 
Fixed script error related to Mag's Crush. 
Fixed script error related to Excalibur's Exalted Blade. 
Fixed script error related to Nekros' Terrify. 
Fixed script error that could break Drone Escort missions on the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed script error related to the Orbiter.

## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.8
**Date:** 2022-09-29T17:02:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.8:
Hello Tenno! We are back hotfixing today to address some priority invite bugs and to solve the recent 'Break Narmer' reset time confusion as announced in our 'Recent 'Break Narmer' Reset Clarification & Upcoming Fix' PSA. With that, we'll see you tomorrow at 2 PM ET for Devstream #164!
This account progression will not affect your account or progression when it comes time for the scheduled Weekly reset this upcoming Sunday. Everyone will get their next scheduled mission based on completion!
Optimized network replication of Clan and Alliance Emblems.
Improved the AOE visual FX on Kahl's Veilbreaking grenade.

### Fixes
Fixed Clan Dojo invites failing. 
Fixed Clients getting disconnected from Host after joining them in their Orbiter and the Host starts a mission vote for a Relay.
Fixed the Narmer Scyto Raknoid's rupture animation playing twice after bringing its health down to half in the Break Narmer Sneaky Sabotage mission. 
This fix also applies to all other Scyto Raknoids. 
Fixed Veiled Solaris NPCs infinitely falling/respawning if spooked by Kahl and prompted to skitter away in fear in the Break Narmer Sneaky Sabotage mission. 
Fixed cases of the Narmer Scyto Raknoid teleporting to places where it shouldn't in the Break Narmer Sneaky Sabotage mission. 
Fixed the Aegrit and Slaytra Blueprints missing their acquisition information (Chipper in Kahl's Garrison) in their descriptions in the in-game Market.
Fixes towards transference at low frame rate breaking animations/ability use. 
This is still apparent with K-Drives. Fixes to come. 
Fixed Kahl repeating his final monologue in the Garrison twice in a row after completing the Veilbreaker Quest.
Fixed issues with the Javlok reload sound FX.

## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.7
**Date:** 2022-09-28T14:59:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.6
**Date:** 2022-09-16T18:48:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fixed a case of the sky flickering onboard the Murex during the Veilbreaker Quest. 
Fixed a visual issue of two individual Map tiles not connecting properly.
Swapped the Tertiary and Accent material channels on Styanax, Styanax's Helmets, and the Afentis to better match player expectations and be in-line with other Warframe's material channels.
You will notice the colors of your fashion have changed upon log-in. A quick swap of the colors between your Tertiary and Accent channels will restore your fashion to what it was before this Hotfix!

### Fixes
Break Narmer Changes & Fixes:
Made further improvements to the movement AI of the Scyto Raknoid Boss on Venus.
Adjusted the visual FX on the Deacon mask beam.
Fixed some issues of Solarans having odd movement on Venus, which included entering off-limits areas.
Fixed Amar's Howl not removing Waypoints for Clients. 
Fixed cases of overlapping text in the Syndicate 'pledge' screen. 
Fixed the Hespar neutral attack triggering many unintended Status effects. 
Fixed the Dojo Legend UI not disappearing when making the HUD disappear. 
Fixed Railjack side turrets camera rotation being off. 
Made a potential fix towards Clients losing UI after extracting the Shard from an Archon.

## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.5
**Date:** 2022-09-15T21:37:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Included Labels for the necessary Syndicate rank needed for the Wares in Chipper's Inventory and a banner to visually display which Rank you're currently at. This aims to clarify which Rank you're at and which ones come next.
Improved camera placement for Chipper to avoid any awkward angles, even though he looks good from every angle. 
Fixed many cases of Chipper not appearing in the Drifter Camp after saving him on Venus. 
Ensured friendly Grineer are always in the Drifters Camp regardless of which Break Narmer mission is active
Removed the ability for Styanax to recast Final Stand multiple times while in the air. 
The facts: with the synergy of Rally Point providing Energy and Shields, you can spend almost your entire mission in the air. For transparency, this is something we caught earlier in development, but this change was missed for the release of Veilbreaker. You can still be in the air when you first cast Final Stand, but to recast, your toes must first touch a surface, similar to how Transference casting is done.

Fixed multiple players playing as Styanax causing the most recent Rally Point cast to remain active even if it's the weaker of all the casts. 
If Rally Point is already active, it will not be replaced by another player's cast IF it's stronger (based on Ability Strength/magnitude of effects) than what they are trying to apply. In other words, if somebody has 200% Ability Strength and casts Rally Point on themselves, and then another player casts it at 50% Ability Strength, it will now skip over anybody who already had the 200% version. 
Your active Rally Point can still be overridden by a weaker cast IF there is fewer than 10 seconds left on your active buff.
Fixed Axios Javelin not triggering a vortex when successfully pinning enemies to the wall or floor as Client.
Sentient resource drop chances reduced from 50% to 7% in Archon Hunts specifically.
For some brief history on this change: Sentients used to only be found as rare enemies on Lua, so the high drop rate chance for regional resources was justified.
On their inclusion in Orphix Venom in 2020, we used a custom override to their drop tables to reduce their high resource drop chance to something more sustainable.
On their recent inclusion to Archon Hunts, the drop table custom override was mistakenly not added.
This led to players earning over 6x the amount of resources typically collected in a brief window of time, which led to false positive trade bans. 
We will potentially revisit these droptables in the future to prevent needing to use a custom drop chance for these Sentients to avoid this accidentally happening again.
Note: this change does not affect the Drop chance probability for Mods or Weapon Components
Reduced the amount of Vortex VFX from stacking when casting Vauban's Bastille into the same spot. 
Updated the launcher tab icons for improved readability. 
Changed 'Visit Varzia' prompt button to the back right controller trigger when using a controller on PC.
Fixed using Archon Stretch with Volt's Discharge causing FPS to plummet for Host.

### Fixes
Break Narmer Mission Changes & Fixes:
Added Ability for Kahl to use Finishers on Narmer Moa's when they are stunned by Kahl's Veilbreaking ability. 
Added Sound FX to Kahl grabbing ledges, and a grunt to his mantle animation. 
Added Sound FX when Kahl transports his Brothers to the Railjack. 
Fixed being able to walk along a slanted window in certain areas of the Veil Factory, which would cause you to clip through the factory tileset. 
Fixed the Narmer Scyto Raknoid standing completely still if Kahl runs past it to the ship located outside the stage. 
Fixed Narmer Moas in the 'Sneaky Sabotage' mission dropping ammo, Energy Orbs, and Credits. All things Kahl does not need, Kahl independent. 
Fixed bits of geometry clipping through a large Narmer Sphere in the 'Sneaky Sabotage' mission. 
Fixed Kahl's ship appearing completely black in the intro/outro mission cinematics. 
Fixed a hole in the map in the 'Sneaky Sabotage' mission tileset. 
Fixed a specific wall in the 'Sneaky Sabotage' tileset missing collision, allowing players to walk through it and clip through the map. 
Fixed being unable to cancel Mission Vote when selecting a Break Narmer mission. 
Fixed minor visual environment issues onboard the Sentient Murex in the Veilbreaker Quest. 
Fixed Titania being able to teleport past the locked Deacon doors while in Razorwing. 
Fixed Narmer sigils and Narmer Objects not appearing in the Archon Amar Fight as Client. 
Fixed some exploding barrels typically in Sabotage missions appearing in Kahls Break Narmer Mission on Fortuna.
Fixed a visual Map hole during Kahl's Break Narmer mission on Venus.
Fixed a script error for Archon Amar's Flame Coil ability. 
Fixed a script error for Archon Amar's Clone ability. 
Fixed a bunch of script errors in the Archon Hunts.
Fixed Operator Energy colors not applying to Operator cosmetics and abilities. 
Fixed Sorex Armor Guards not using custom energy colors when equipped on Kahl. 
Fixed Crash that would occur when viewing the Codex entry for Nox Eximus units.
Fixed Sevagoth various healing abilities and Venari's heal not activating Archon Intensify.

## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.4
**Date:** 2022-09-14T22:31:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.4:
Narmer Deacons will no longer perform their beam attack in Break Narmer missions. 
This attack is designated exclusively for the Stolen Plates stage in The New War Quest. 
Updated some of Chipper's dialogue for clarity. 
Updated sound FX for laser traps and doors. 
Fixed crash that would occur in the Narmer Scyto Raknoid fight. 
Fixed being able to glide through the air towards a target after jumping and spamming melee as Kahl while melee auto targeting is enabled.
Fixed Kahl being unable to be damaged by the Narmer Scyto Raknoid's melee attacks while his Machete is in hand. 
Fixed the Narmer Scyto Raknoid having weird VFX trailing underneath its centre mass. 
Fixed enemies that enter the Narmer Scyto Raknoid boss fight arena before the gate shuts just standing around and not attacking. 
Fixed the tutorial prompt for Unveiling Chipper remaining on screen after successfully freeing him. 
Fixed Deacons getting way too close to Kahl after being detected, causing them to completely miss their attacks. 
Fixed unveiled allies still having the Veiled voice FX. 
Fixed the Narmer Propaganda Drones not having any collision.
Fixes towards falling through the floor when completing a Veil removal.
Added a looping and pickup sound FX to nearby K-Drive parts in the Break Narmer Missions for the 'Find K-Drive Things: Find The 4 confiscated K-Drive part' Challenge. 
Increased size of Chipper's tools and added a pickup glow so it's easier to find for the 'Get Chipper's Tools' Break Narmer Challenge. 
Fixed the 'Kahl Go Fast
Complete the mission in under 15 minutes' Challenge continuing to count indefinitely after the 15 min mark.
Optimized some shader & textures. 
Made very slight optimizations to the Narmer Propaganda Drone.

### Fixes
Fixed a script error when switching between the 'Helminth' and 'Archon Shard' tabs in Helminth's UI if you have something selected. 
Fixed flickering issues in the Helminth UI. 
Fixed Rogg's Hellion Jetpack particle FX being the wrong color. 
Fixed several placement and clipping issues with Shoulder Armor equipped on Kahl (notably the Sorex Shoulder Guards). 
Fixed UI soft-lock related to Clan Emblems. 
Fixed the Protea Caladrius Skin's helmet visor tilting to the side permanently after casting her Grenade Fan. As reported here:
Fixed the Aegrit's holster position and rotation sitting funky.
Fixed being unable to return to Dojo from a Railjack mission if you have Clients in your squad. 
Fixed script error related to Syndicate Medallions when joining in-progress missions. 
Fixed script error when scrolling in the Helminth UI while feeding resources. 
Also fixed auto feeding occurring when scrolling if a resource had been selected.

## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.3
**Date:** 2022-09-14T17:58:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.2
**Date:** 2022-09-08T21:23:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Hotfix 32.0.1
**Date:** 2022-09-07T21:10:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Veilbreaker: Update 32
**Date:** 2022-09-07T15:00:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Archons are not how you remember them, Tenno. Since your time fighting them solo in The New War, they have grown stronger. Each of the three Archons have received a rework to increase their difficulty level.
Their greater resistance to damage, harder-hitting attacks, and new methods of trickery make them a formidable foe
a well-equipped loadout and/or a resourceful squad are necessities to defeating these reworked Archons.
Common: 
Ayatan Anasa Sculpture 
Riven Mod 
Uncommon: 
3 Day Booster
8000 Endo
12,000 Kuva
Rare:
Exilus Warframe Adapter 
3 Forma
Orokin Catalyst Blueprint 
Orokin Reactor Blueprint 
Legendary:
Legendary Core
Archon Shards are a source of anti-entropic radiation ideal for empowering synthetic lifeforms, most notably Archons and Warframes. Managing these Shards is done through Helminth in your Orbiter
read on below for details on what they are and how to use them.
Archon Shards can be socketed in your Warframes to give permanent* additive (do not scale with mods) stat increases.
*Permanent in the sense that once socketed to your Warframe those stat increases are sustained unless you decide to un-socket it. Read the "How to Use Archon Shards" section to learn more about that.
1 x guaranteed Archon Shard is rewarded after successfully completing all three missions in the weekly Archon Hunt.
With a 20% chance of that Shard being Tauforged.
The Tauforged status increases the overall power of a base Archon Shard's additive stats by x1.5. 
For example: A base Amber Archon Shard will offer +15% Sprint Speed, while the Tauforged version of that same Shard will offer +22.5% (15 x 1.5 = 22.5).
Kahl offers 1 x Archon Shard a week available for purchase for Stock!
Each Archon drops a specific Shard color with different stat categories associated with it. Socket the same color of Archon Shards in your Warframe to focus on one type of combat advantage, or diversify your Shard usage for a more dynamic approach where you feel appropriate.
Installed Archon Shards can be unsocketed to be reused, at the cost of 50% of your Bile Helminth resource pool.
You can also access equipped Archon Shards from the Arsenal. Hovering over one of the Shards will give you access to jump to the Shard management screen in the Helminth if you'd like to make changes.
Our 50th Warframe STYANAX has arrived! Styanax never wonders how many enemies he will face, only where he can find them.
*Tharros Strike is Styanax's Helminth ability!
*Rally Point is Styanax's Railjack ability!
Styanax's speargun matches his might. Throw Afentis to pin an enemy and nearby enemies will also be stunned. Throw Afentis onto the ground to create a field that buffs allies. When allies bolstered by Afentis kill an enemy, they maintain the buff for a short time after they leave the field.
The Afentis blueprint can be purchased for Stock in Kahl's Garrison. *Reminder that we're pushing Kahl's weekly Garrison 'Break Narmer' missions (this includes access to the Garrison) to begin next week to give the team more time to polish the content.
The Slaytra blueprint can be purchased for Stock in Kahl's Garrison. *Reminder that we're pushing Kahl's weekly Garrison 'Break Narmer' missions (this includes access to the Garrison) to begin next week to give the team more time to polish the content.
The Aegrit blueprint can be purchased for Stock in Kahl's Garrison. *Reminder that we're pushing Kahl's weekly Garrison 'Break Narmer' missions (this includes access to the Garrison) to begin next week to give the team more time to polish the content.
350 Platinum
Slaytra Machete
Afentis Speargun
Ascension Speargun Skin
Aegrit Thrown Weapon
Fog of War Ephemera
Kahl's Fortitude Sigil*
For My Brothers Glyph*
Noggle Statue
Kahl-175
7-Day Affinity Booster
7-Day Credit Booster
Items marked with a * are exclusive to this pack for a limited time. In an effort to continue to make Supporter packs more player-friendly, everything else listed can either be purchased separately from the in-game Market for Platinum or can be earned (Slaytra Machete, Afentis Speargun, Aegrit Thrown Weapon). The free path to the listed weapons will be available next week with the release of Kahl's Garrison.
These new Voidshell Collections are available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Protea Caladrius Collection is available for purchase in the in-game Market.
The Styanax Community Display and Kahl-175 Community Glyph are available for purchase in the in-game Market.
Part 2 of Round 22 is here! Check them out now via Steam launcher and support hard-working Tenno designers from the Warframe Community.
Octavia Mandachoralyst Skin & Helmet by kakarrot2812
Volt Technoshock Skin & Helmet by kakarrot2812
Wisp Raevuz Skin & Helmet by malaya and Xtygian
Revenant Ahriman Skin & Helmet by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Vikasa Shoulder Plates by blazingcobalt
Paxis Shoulder Armor by malaya and Jadie
Piercing Eye Shoulder Armor by Mz-3 and HAROHARO
Piercing Eye Chest Armor by Mz-3 and HAROHARO
Polearm Ulcerated Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Heavy Blade Dogma Skin by Felix Leonhart
Liset Vammatar Skin by Ventralhound
This next (very large) section of the notes focuses on the QOL changes/fixes that are a core part of this update. It will cover the following:
Starter Warframe Ability Changes: Excalibur, Mag, & Volt
Warframe Augment Buffs Part 2
Armor Changes 
Area of Effect Weapon Changes
Which covers: 
Ammo Pick-Up Changes
Holster Speed Buffs & Mod Changes 
Headshot Damage Changes 
Primed Fulmination and Primed Firestorm Rebalancing
and more! 
Spear Gun Changes 
Syndicate Pledging 
Riven Capacity System Changes 
Last Gasp Rework 
Solar Rail Junction Changes 
Gilding Changes
3 x Built Forma
2 x Orokin Catalysts
2 x Orokin Reactors
We are collecting your feedback in a dedicated Veilbreaker: Update 32 subforum:
The classic trio has been revisited for a bit of a facelift! Our goals were to make all abilities relevant, while simplifying some mechanics for new players to better understand. The changes are as follows:
Reworked chain targeting to pick the next best target after each slash instead of at the start. 
Invalid targets aren't removed from the list of potential targets as they may become valid again at some point (re-entering Line Of Sight or being at a closer distance).
Damage is now 100% Slash, guaranteeing Slash Status Effect. 
Increased overall speed when dashing between enemies. 
Increased active targeting of extra units. 
Can now be canceled by jumping or dodging.
Reduced the slashing animation.
Improved in-air slash dashing animations. 
Updated the FX with an accompanying Excalibur phantom trail after performing a Slash Dash.
Removed the cap on enemies that can be hit by Radial Javelin. 
Prior to the change, there was a limit to the number of enemies Radial Javelin could hit. So, for example (not accurate numbers), even if 15 enemies were in range, it would only hit 10. Now it hits absolutely everything in range! 
Added guaranteed Slash Status Effect. 
Animation tweaks:
Increased the size of the javelins. 
The Javelins will now visually aim for the chest.
No longer requires you to Bullet Jump to pull pickups towards her.
Now creates a mini-vortex when casting, which gathers enemies in front of Mag. Polarize Shards on the ground will also be Pulled into this Vortex.
Helminth: Changed Mag's Pull to now have diminished range when infused. Was 25m at max, now 12.5m.
Shards from Polarize are pulled into the Magnetize Bubble, including Shards orbiting Mag. 
Charged Magnetize absorb shards increase its damage by 500 for each one. Scales with Ability Strength mods. 
Increased the angle of Protective cast from 80 to 120 degrees across all ranks. 
Unified Range value across all ranks (15m for Explosion Radius, 4m for Bubble Radius). 
Unified Protective cast Absorption Multiplier across all ranks to 2x.
Added an FX when the Shards projectile expires. 
Fixed the burst FX being incorrectly rotated.
Shards are now significantly larger and hover above the ground, making them much easier to see.
Shards within 3m of Mag now orbit her, inflicting the Slash or Puncture Status Effect to nearby enemies.
Unified Range and Duration across all ranks to 8m and 5s respectively.
Unified range across all ranks to 18m.
Increased the points of Electricity Damage added for every 1 meter traveled from 5 to 10. 
Updated passive to also include bonus damage to 'Shock' on attacks that bounce.
Reduced cost from 25 to 15 energy. 
Unified range across all ranks to 15m.
Increased base speed from 50% to 75%, and unified across all ranks. 
Increased duration from 5/10s to 9/12s (base/max). 
Increased the reload speed buff from 17.5% to 25%.
Unified the range for all ranks to 25m.
Removed Speed reduction while carrying the Shield. 
Removed Energy Drain for every 4 meters traveled while carrying the Shield.. 
Removed Secondary weapon restriction. Primary and Melee weapons can now be used while carrying Shield. 
Updated sound FX for picking up and dropping Shield.
Unified Electric Pulse Range to 20m across all ranks, and Electric Arc Radius to 8m across all ranks.
Overall damage of Celestial Twin has been halved, but marking enemies with your Ability Button still offers a 3x damage boost against marked targets. 
Celestial Twin is vulnerable to self-stagger from its own weapon. 
As the Twin shares your Wukong's loadout, this can be bypassed by adjusting your mods accordingly if you wish.
Wukong and his Celestial Twin now share an Ammo Pool. Ammo that is picked up by either you or your Celestial Twin is shared between you. Upon running out of ammo for a specific weapon, the Twin will either swap to a weapon in your loadout that does have ammo or swap to melee when completely out of ammo. The Twin will also search out Ammo pickups.
Prior to this change, Celestial Twin had an infinite ammo pool, which allowed for the use of high-impact low-ammo weapons, such as the Bramma, to be used far outside the weapon's balance intentions. Since your Twin now inherents your loadout, a more active role is encouraged to maintain its effectiveness. 
Made several HUD adjustments to Wukong's Celestial Twin/Defy icons so that they are not stretched or overlap other UI elements.
Melee stance has been reworked to modern standards
bigger hits in the combos now have larger damage multipliers built in. 
Added a short duration vortex pull at the end of his forward combo when he slams the floor. Does not scale with Ability Strength Mods.
Now grants 1 second of invulnerability after a charge is consumed.
The addition of Overguard affected the efficiency of Mesmer Skin, as rapidfire Overguarded enemies would melt through their Mesmer Skins and remain unaffected by the incoming sleep effect. To bring this ability closer to its original intention, Mesmer Skin will now grant 1 second of invulnerability after a charge is consumed. This gives players time to react to these powerful units before taking their full damage.
Increased maximum stored damage from 1.6k to 5k. 
Changed the casting animation to be only upper body and use one hand. 
This allows casting to be done without interrupting shooting. 
Changed damage accumulation to be shown as a buff indicator instead of % on ability. 
The refresh buff indication now calls out 'Ballistic Battery' outright and uses its ability icon while accumulating. 
Mesa now has the ability to use Ballistic Battery during Peacemaker. 
Buff indicator refreshes when the shot is fully charged.
In Update 31.2, we buffed a number of underused Warframe augments. The time has come to continue this work! This batch tackles Warframes from Loki to Rhino (of which there are surprisingly many!). We have increased their viability in missions, which we hope will encourage more build diversity.
*Stats below are all at Max Rank.
Was: After teleporting with an Ally they will be invulnerable for 6s.
Now: Offers half the invulnerability time for Loki, and cleanses status on both targets when switching. 
Also added a HUD icon for invulnerability time for Loki when switching to an enemy.
Was: Survivors have their armor decreased by 50% and become unable to move for 7 seconds.
Now: Augment functions unchanged, casting speed is increased by 50%.
Was: Reflected bullets gain a 50% chance of staggering enemies.
Now: Augment function unchanged, reflected bullet stagger chance now scales with Ability Strength (up to 100% stagger if you have 200%+ Ability Strength).
Was: Applies a 100% Status Chance bonus to the shot, based on the amount charged.
Now: The shot gains a +50% Final Critical Chance bonus, based on the amount charged.
Was: Use on a downed ally to revive them with 30% of health. Nekros's energy will be consumed. 
Now: Core Augment function unchanged, but no longer requires all of Nekros' Energy to be consumed on cast. It now costs the same as base Soul Punch (25 Energy) to cast. 
Also added 2 seconds of invulnerability for the revived player to protect them during the standing-animation.
Was: Accumulate 150% of the damage Fire Walker deals, unleashing it in a trail of fire that lasts 10s. 
Now: Accumulate 250% of damage done by Fire Walker, and the trail of fire forces a Heat Status Effect. Duration is unchanged.
Was: Nidus has a 60.0% chance of generating an additional Mutation stack whenever he gains one, while standing in the Ravenous Infestation.
Now: The chance to gain extra stacks now scales with Power Strength, and chances higher than 100% have the chance to give multiple Mutation Stacks. 
Ex. 150% is guaranteed 1 bonus Mutation and 50% to get a second.
Was: Reactivate Larva to detonate and deal 300 Toxin Damage in 5m Range. This damage stacks for every enemy grabbed by the Larva. 
Now: Reactivate Larva to detonate and deal 600 Toxin Damage in 8m Range. This damage stacks for every enemy grabbed by the Larva.
Was: On recast, all remaining particles will seek out enemies and deal 120 Blast Damage with guaranteed Status Effect in 8 meters.
Now: On recast, all remaining particles will seek out enemies and deal 240 Heat Damage with a guaranteed Heat Status Effect to foes within 16 meters. Particles from Neutron Star have a doubled "seek radius" to find targets compared to Null Star.
Was: Absorbs enemy bullets within 3 meters, increasing its damage when it explodes. 
Now: Absorbs enemy bullets within 5 meters, increasing its damage when it explodes.
Was: Affected enemies will be confused for 10 seconds. 
Now: Core Augment function unchanged. Creates an additional 3 Bolts on cast.
Was: Allows for two simultaneous Mallets, each with 50% reduced range. 
Now: Core Augment function unchanged. The Range for the simultaneous Mallets is increased to 80%.
Was: Enemies hit are blinded by Reave's fog for 10s.
Now: Core Augment function unchanged. Reave gains +40% Range.
Was: Iron Skin Health is replenished by 80 for each enemy affected.
Now: Iron Skin Health is restored by 4% for each enemy affected. The value of health restored no longer scales with Ability Strength.
The percentage of Iron Skin Health restored is based on the Peak Value of Iron Skin following ability cast and invulnerability period.
This change should help this Augment scale better in higher-level missions instead of using flat Health values.
Was: Enemies within 25m will be knocked down and suffer from a Puncture Status Effect. Roar can be recast. 
Now: Enemies within 25m will be knocked down and suffer 10 stacks of Puncture Status. Roar can be recast. Additionally increases Roar's Range by +40%.
Was: Enemies affected by Reckoning emit a 2m Area of Effect that increases Ally armor by 250 and inflicts 150 damage per second to enemies.
Now: Area of Effect Range increased to 3m, which scales with Ability Range. Enemy damage increased to 300 damage per second. Additionally increases the Range of Reckoning by 40%.
Armor is a fundamental part of Warframe's balance, but the act of stripping armor has always been somewhat hard to gauge. Currently, when an armor stripping Ability is cast it uses the target's current armor as the base for its calculation. This means that you may have to cast that Ability several times on the same enemy in order to strip their armor completely.
Players have adapted to this system by maximizing Ability Strength to the point where the armor stripping effect is as close to 100% as possible
thus reducing the number of casts required to strip armor to one.
In the effort of encouraging build diversity and streamlining the way that armor stripping abilities work, we are making the following changes:
This applies to every single Armor removal ability in the game. We have also buffed a few of these abilities in the process to bring them up to a usable level in light of these changes:
Increased Frost's Avalanche armor reduction from 40% to 60% and changed the armor reduction to be permanent.
Frost's Avalanche can also now reduce armor from targets even if they are immune to crowd control abilities. 
Increase Nekros' Terrify armor reduction from 20% to 60%.
Increase Oberon's Reckoning armor reduction from 30% to 50%.
Changed Banshee's Sonic Fracture (Augment) armor reduction to be permanent.
Increase Mag's Fracturing Crush (Augment) armor reduction from 50% to 75%, remove the 80% cap per cast and change the armor reduction to be permanent.
Increase Trinity's Abating Link (Augment) armor reduction from 45% to 60%.
Area of Effect (AoE) weapons are a pretty dominant aspect of Warframe gameplay, especially affected by the removal of self-damage a few years ago. We want AoE weapons to feel impactful, but we feel their current state needs adjustment.
Before we get into the specific 'WHAT' of the changes to AoE, let's talk about the broad 'WHY' of these changes. There are 3 core reasons:
 1) "Can this be automated?" 
Currently, some explosive weapons and playstyles remove the need to aim, or otherwise care about your surroundings. This doesn't fit the "automated" category perfectly, but we want such impactful weapons to require more consideration and tactical decision making than currently exists.
2) "Is this overly dominant?" 
Warframe is a game full of very powerful tactics, but problems arise when players feel 'forced' to use specific choices. The top 5 most popular weapons are all AoE, accounting for 47% of all weapon usage at high Mastery Rank AOE usage stats. In situations where efficiency is important, some would say you aren't playing 'correctly' if you're not utilizing these choices, which some players don't necessarily find fun.
 3) "Is this playstyle disruptive to other players?" 
A majority of sessions are played co-op, so ideally everybody gets a chance to play. We've reached a point where players are asking us to change these weapons, because they leave so little for others to do.
With our motivations clear, we can now get into specifics. We approached this change in a multitude of ways:
Ammo Changes
a. Ammo Pick Up 
b. Holster Speed Buffs & Mod Changes 
Headshot Damage Changes 
Primed Fulmination and Primed Firestorm Rebalancing
New Steel Path Missions: Void Fissures
We understand the power fantasy of these weapons is very popular for some, so our first approach was to keep them powerful, but limit how often they can be used by making changes to ammo pick-up.
Primary
from 60 to 80
Secondary
from 20 to 40
Increased Alt fire ammo requirement from 10 to 15.
Increased Alt fire ammo requirement from 3 to 9.
Faster regen rate from empty for 2 secs.
Alt fire is no longer a toggle, and doesn't require a full mag to fire.
Total damage is now based on ammo in mag on fire.
Kuva Bramma 
Kuva Ogris
Kuva Zarr
Lenz 
Proboscis Cernos
3 Ammo per Pick Up:
Tonkor
Kuva Tonkor
4 Ammo per Pick Up:
Tenet Envoy
5 Ammo per Pick Up:
Carmine Penta 
Penta
Secura Penta
Ogris
9 Ammo per Pick Up:
Zarr
10 Ammo per Pick Up:
Torid
15 Ammo per Pick Up:
Arca Plasmor
Catchmoon (Primary) 
Cedo
Cernos
Cernos Prime
Corinth
Corinth Prime
Daikyu
Dread
Drakgoon
Exergis
Felarx
Hek
Komorex
Kuva Chakkhurr
Kuva Drakgoon
Kuva Hek
Lanka
MK1-Paris
MK1-Strun
Mutalist Cernos
Paris
Paris Prime
Phantasma
Rakta Cernos
Rubico
Rubico Prime
Sancti Tigris
Simulor
Sporothrix
Sporelacer (Primary) 
Snipetron
Snipetron Vandal
Sobek
Synoid Simulor
Strun
Strun Prime
Strun Wraith
Tenet Arca Plasmor
Tigris
Tigris Prime
Vaykor Hek
Vectis
Vectis Prime
Vulkar
Vulkar Wraith
20 Ammo per Pick Up:
Tombfinger (Primary)
40 Ammo per Pick Up:
Acceltra
Aeolak
Alternox
Astilla
Astilla Prime
Boar
Boar Prime
Gaze (Primary) 
Ignis
Ignis Wraith
Kohm
Kuva Kohm
Miter
Opticor
Opticor Vandal
Stahlta
Tenet Tetra
Vermisplicer (Primary)
60 Ammo per Pick up:
Amprex
Javlok
Scourge
Scourge Prime
Trumna
Zhuge Prime
Basmu: From 42/s to 10.5/s
Bubonico: From 9/s to 4.5/s
Flux Rifle: From 40/s to 24/s
Fulmin: From 30/s to 20/s
Shedu: From 28/s to 3.5/s
Angstrum
Prisma Angstrum
Kulstar
4 Ammo per Pick Up:
Castanas
Sancti Castanas
Pox
Talons
5 Ammo per Pick Up:
Akarius
9 Ammo per Pick Up:
Kuva Seer
20 Ammo per Pick Up:
Akbronco
Akbronco Prime
Atomos
Brakk 
Bronco
Bronco Prime
Catabolyst
Catchmoon (Secondary) 
Cyanex
Detron 
Epitaph
Euphona Prime
Gaze (Secondary) 
Kohmak
Twin Kohmak
Kompressa
Kuva Nukor 
Kuva Brakk
Mara Detron
Nukor
Pyrana 
Pyrana Prime
Sepulcrum
Sporelacer (Secondary) 
Sonicor
Staticor
Tenet Detron
Tombfinger (Secondary) 
Twin Rogga
Vermisplicer (Secondary) 
Zakti
Zakti Prime
Zymos
Arca Plasmor: From 48 to 50 
Corinth: From 132 to 135
Gaze (Primary): From 400 to 200 
Kuva Zarr: From 15 to 5
Kuva Ogris: From 30 to 7
Kuva Tonkor: From 60 to 11 
Miter: From 72 to 80
Proboscis Cernos: From 9 to 7
Sporelacer (Primary): From 130 to 60 
Tenet Envoy: From 24 to 16 
Tombfinger (Primary): From 540 to 120
Vermisplicer (Primary): From 226 to 90 
Zarr: From 84 to 60 
Secondary Weapons: 
Epitaph: From 60 to 40 
Gaze (Secondary): From 400 to 200 
Vermisplicer (Secondary): From 226 to 90
Secondary Weapons with Ammo Regen Rates Overrides:
Cycron: From 40/s to 20/s 
Tenet Cycron: From 40/s to 20/s
Used to drop from 70% of regular enemies and 80% of Open World enemies, now they drop less frequently, with smaller squads getting more drops
1p squad = 45%, or 60% in Open Worlds
2p squad = 37.5%, or 52.5% in Open World
3p squad = 30%, or 45% in Open Worlds
4p squad = 22.5%, or 37.5% in Open Worlds
On average you'll be getting Ammo drops half as often, but most weapons with the aforementioned increase of pickup values receive twice as much.
Increased the chance of a Riven Sliver dropping from Eximus Units.
Steel Path Eximus: changed from 1% to 2% drop chance
Regular Eximus: changed from 0.5% to 2% drop chance
Note that Riven Slivers still only have a chance to drop from Eximus level 30 and over
Rifle Ammo Mutation: Now converts Secondary ammo pickups to 50% of Ammo Pick Up. 
Pistol Ammo Mutation: Now converts Primary ammo pickups to 50% of Ammo Pick Up. 
Shotgun Ammo Mutation: Now converts Secondary ammo pickups to 50% of Ammo Pick Up.
Sniper Ammo Mutation: Now converts Secondary ammo pickups to 50% of Ammo Pick Up. 
Primary/Secondary Merciless Arcane: Removed its +100% Ammo Maximum bonus. 
Vigilante Supplies Mod: Now converts Secondary ammo pickups to 30% of ammo pickup. 
Mirage's Explosive Legerdemain Augment: Increased damage dealt from proximity mines created from Ammo and Orbs pickups from 500 to 1000.
Deployable Ammo Restores now restore 1x (for small), 2x (for medium), and 3x (for large) Primary and Secondary Ammo Pick up amounts every 15s for 60s.
We'll be keeping a close eye on how these ammo changes affect specific weapons' performance and popularity. Expect more tweaks to these values in future updates!
These changes to Ammo encourage swapping between weapons, so we've taken the opportunity to dramatically increase the swapping speed between Primary and Secondary. The real purpose of your Secondary weapon is for it to be a backup to your Primary, but with the holster speeds the way they were before that vision was not realized
until now!
In light of the overall speed buff to holster speed, we have made the following changes to the mods and Arcanes that offered holster speed stat increases:
Vigorous Swap:
Removed its 100% Holster Speed" bonus on equip
but maintained its +165% Damage for 3s.
Streamlined Form:
Removed its +60% Holster Rate bonus. 
Increased Slide buff from 15% to 30%. 
Increased Friction Reduction from 15% to 30%. 
This mod is chronically underused, so it easily deserved to be a bit stronger in light of the holster changes!
Synth Reflex:
Removed its 100% Holster Speed bonus and reload 5% of Magazine/s when holstering Primary and Secondary weapons. 
Replaced with +40% Bullet Jump for 2 secs.
Speed Holster Aura Mod:
Renamed to Holster Amp.
Removed its +120% Holster Rate bonus. 
It now deals +60% Damage for 3s on equip.
Primary/Secondary Dexterity Arcane:
Removed their "+60% Holster Speed" bonus.
Reflex Draw, Soft Hands, Twitch (Conclave):
Removed their holster rate increase. 
They now apply -40% Weapon Recoil and -40% spread for 8s on equip.
During playtesting, the ammo changes alone weren't enough to significantly change things for AoE weapons. So instead of tightening these values to be overly restrictive, we chose to address other factors that make these weapons so strong, such as headshot damage.
Our approach here is two-fold, to reduce the impact of headshots for AOE weapons, but to also make precision headshots pack a larger punch overall.
Radial damage no longer gains extra headshot damage or triggers headshot conditions.
This is primarily targeted at the Ignis Wraith
as a "flamethrower" weapon, it's hard to imagine a blanket of elements being precise enough to target weak points specifically. Explosive projectiles themselves can still land headshots, so there is still a reason to aim with most weapons for maximum damage.
Increased the base damage multiplier on headshots from 2x to 3x. 
This means precision weapons are more rewarded for skillful usage, leveling the playing field even further!
Finally, we've changed the effects on a few specific mods that increase explosive radius.
In light of the above changes, we have also buffed the following mods:
While evaluating AoE, we found another angle of consideration: mission design. Specifically Fissure missions where AoE lethality is common and problematic. For each new Prime Access, we ask players to revisit these lower level missions to open Relics
in Lith missions it can be difficult to even earn Reactant if you kill too quickly! Which leads us to the following addition of Steel Path Void Fissure Missions.
If you are an experienced Warframe player, you are extremely familiar with the Void Fissure mission flow: Select Relic and blitz through enemies to crack it. It is obvious that where Void Fissure missions are, they are far too easy and can be completed with little to no friction (looking at you Lith). Ultimately, this makes the Prime content not as engaging as it could be, while also leaving new players behind in the dust as the experienced rip through enemies before they can get to them.
When enabling Steel Path in Navigation, Void Fissure missions in the World State Window will now have the usual Steel Path flare apply (Acolytes, difficulty modifiers, etc.). To make it worth your while, 1 x Steel Essence is also awarded for every Relic you crack.
As you can see, we've evaluated the problem from many different angles, and are hopeful that these changes will lead to a healthier gamestate overall.
As part of our comprehensive AOE review pass, we focused on weapons with Ammo Pools.
We are aware of the way Glaive/Thrown Melees behave and are reviewing closely to see if their dominance will require a revision pass as well.
But as always, we'll be watching for your feedback.
So bring your AoE weapons into a mission and get a good feel for it (with all of the above in mind) before you share your thoughts.
We have changed the way that Spear Guns function in-game to help increase their viability in mission. Based on overwhelming community feedback we've:
Removed the need to manually retrieve your Spear Gun once it's been thrown. Your Spear Gun now re-appears in your hand using reload.
Removed the need to charge your Spear Gun to throw it, simply Tap alt-fire to throw!
Within the arsenal, 'Charged Throw' stats have simply become 'Throw' stats.
Spear Guns have also received new throw animations and updated sound FX on reload, plus a new Spear Gun category has been added when searching for weapons in the Arsenal.
We have decoupled the need to wear an affiliated Syndicate Sigil to gain Standing in-mission. Meaning Syndicate Sigils are now purely cosmetic!
*Pledging is only available for the 6 Faction Syndicates: Steel Meridian, New Loka, Arbiters of Hexis, Cephalon Suda, Red Veil, and The Perrin Sequence.
Pledging is done in the Syndicate segment in your Orbiter. You will be able to select which Syndicate to Pledge to after accessing your Syndicate Segment following this update. Should you change your mind, you can simply select the 'Change Pledge' button and select a new Syndicate to pledge yourself to. Alternatively, you can Rescind your Pledge if you are unsure what Syndicate to commit to.
To help with managing your Standing across Syndicates, pledging allegiance now better displays the Syndicate's relationship status with the other Syndicates (neutral, enemy, or allied).
Those familiar with Rivens may be aware that they come in two states: Veiled and Unveiled. Both of these kinds of Rivens take up Riven Slots and can be equipped to weapons.
In this new, these Mods will not show Riven Challenges or take up a Riven Slot until they are equipped onto a weapon. The Mod description for this new Mod type explains this mechanic as well.
Here is a breakdown of the three Riven states for clarity:
'???' Rivens
All new Rivens obtained via Rewards, Palladino, etc.
Stackable and will not take up Riven Slots
Riven Type (Archgun, Rifle, etc.) is revealed, but not the Challenge
Tradeable
Veiled
What an Indistinct Riven becomes once equipped to a Weapon
Challenge Revealed
Takes up Riven Slots
Tradeable
Unveiled
Challenge Completed
Stats are revealed and can be cycled via Kuva
Tradeable
Since the only number we have to track with this new Riven state is the quantity owned, the database load is greatly diminished, and you can keep as many as you want! Only once a mod of this type is equipped onto a weapon does the challenge reveal itself, making the Riven apply to your account cap. This is a particularly useful change for Sorties, as you will no longer be locked out of playing them if you are at your maximum Riven cap.
A confirmation screen will appear after attempting to equip the Riven, and will display the amount of Riven slots you have available before you commit to equipping it and using up a slot.
Acquisition of new Riven mods from Vendors and other reward drops now give Indistinct Rivens.
We have made some changes to Unairu's Passive 'Last Gasp' to improve its convenience and usability.
Last Gasp meter now starts at 0% instead of 50%, but there is no initial drain. Instead, drain will set in after a few seconds of not getting any kills. Once the drain has run for a few seconds, it will begin to accelerate. 
This was intended to address players remaining in Last Gasp indefinitely by timing their kills. Each kill now fills the meter by 1/3, and Eximus kills refill the meter instantly. 
You can now hold the Transference input to return to your downed Warframe.
The UI has been updated to communicate these changes. 
Removed 'get up' animation when reviving in Last Gasp. 
Stopped looping sound when Last Gasp ends. 
Reduced the spawn animation of Last Gasp.
This is a follow up to other Solar Rail Junction changes we have made this year, specifically in Update: 31.5 and Hotfix 31.6.4.
As part of the same initiative to improve new player progression through the Junctions, this batch of changes has a predominant focus on the unreliable difficulty level of Specters; they do far too much damage but also have very low health, so either you get nuked to oblivion or vice versa.
In an effort to level out the playing field, we have done a review of the biggest pain point Specters and made adjustments.
Added a short title card intro after triggering the panel and before combat begins to introduce the Specter of that Junction. 
Added a boss health bar in the UI for Junction Specters. 
Swapped Volt Specter Junction location (Venus to Mercury) with Rhino Specter (Earth to Venus). 
Volt Specter is easier overall (due to his abilities being more obviously telegraphed), and was therefore more fitting of an earlier Junction. 
Removed ragdoll on Specters when defeated. 
The cinematic for activating a Solar Rail will now play (can be skipped if desired) on Junction replay, even if it has already been completed. 
Fixed loss of functionality when downed by a Specter, triggering Last Gasp. 
Fixed the Junction Specter ragdoll stopping after the Junction Specter has been defeated.
Loki (Earth to Mars)
Increased his base health from 160 to 180.
Trinity (Mars to Ceres)
Reduced her level from 20 to 15. 
Reduced her Melee and Primary weapon damage. 
Increased her armor from 200 to 215.
Valkyr (Ceres to Jupiter)
Added a max active time of 10s to the Valkyr Specter's Hysteria ability.
Nova (Jupiter to Europa)
Removed Nova Specter's Molecular Prime ability. 
It simply did not telegraph well, which resulted in increased damage on players without much notice. 
Reduced the amount of damage done from Nova's Kunai secondary. 
Nova Specter will now cast her Worm Hole ability in specifically placed waypoints located around the Junction room.
Increased the rate at which the Nova Specter uses her Worm Hole ability. 
Moved the Nova Specter's spawn point slightly forward.
Ember (Jupiter to Saturn)
Reduced the Ember Specter's level from 25 to 20. 
Reduced the damage and fire rate of the Ember Specter's Magnus secondary.
Equinox (Saturn to Uranus)
Reduced the Equinox Specter's level from 30 to 25.
Frost (Uranus to Neptune)
Removed the Frost Specter's Avalanche ability.
This proved to be too powerful an ability for the Frost Specter, as it would freeze players on the spot and frequently resulted in being one shot by the Specter. 
Made tweaks to Frost Specter's ability stats. 
Increased cooldown duration for his abilities. 
Increased path damage for Ice Wave.
As mentioned on Devstream #163, we have made changes to the Gilding system to make it easier to access the full power of your Modular items earlier on in-game. For those players that have just completed the Second Dream and are looking to craft a more powerful Amp to help you into and beyond The New War
these changes are for you!
Instead of upon Gilding, modular weapons will now have their full stats available upon ranking up to Level 30. Gilding your Modular weapon now serves the purpose of allowing it to earn Mastery and unlock customization. This allows players to have access to more powerful gear without needing to fully level and earn Standing for the respective Syndicates!
In Update 31.5: Angels of the Zariman, we made changes to Operator Transference to make it Client-Authoritative to alleviate the common scenario of latency.
After the change was made, players noted that there was now a cooldown in between Transferences that was causing delays when performed back to back.
We have made improvements so that the cooldown is much less felt.
It is worth noting that there are still some idle animation bugs that can happen at zero cooldown, but the improvement will be noticeable regardless.
On the introduction of Overguard, we mentioned that we would be improving how some ability mechanics function with Overguard, this is a continuation of those efforts. So we have made several changes, the majority of which cover how Overguard reacts with lifesteal.
Fixed Garuda's Blending Talons Augment not triggering when hitting an enemy with Overguard is affected by a Slash Status Effect.
Fixed Gauss's Kinetic Plating not generating battery when melee attacking enemies with Overguard.
Fixed Protea's Temporal Anchor not counting damage to Overguard when building up damage for the temporal implosion blast.
Fixed Zephyr's Tailwind Target Fixation Augment not counting enemies with Overguard when building up extra damage.
Fixed Hema not restoring health on headshots against enemies with Overguard.
Fixed Hirudo not restoring health on critical hits against enemies with Overguard.
Fixed enemies affected by Frost's Avalanche not losing any armor while Overguard is active.
If there are any other cases where Lifesteal isn't applying from Overguard, please let us know on the Forums and we will take a look!
With Baro Ki'Teer's inventory fully synced on all platforms, the team has progressed toward the following Cross Play objective: syncing all world-state content.
This sync includes everything from Sorties, Void Fissures, Day/Night cycle, Town Vendors, Bounties, and everything in between that has a timer system.
Additionally, the Relays active/destroyed on PC now apply to the console Star Chart, making them synced across the board.
We had aspirations to do a "Relay Rebuilding" event, but to get Cross Play sooner than later, we've decided to forgo that idea.
Our next objective is the public Cross Play test between select Platforms to gather feedback and bugs. Expect news about those tests, hopefully soon!
We've updated the 2FA "thank you for enabling" item from the Fae Path Ephemera to a 3-Day Affinity Booster.
Due to the inability to enable 2FA on consoles, the Fae Path Ephemera became a Baro Ki'teer item on consoles as a way for them to obtain it. With Baro Ki'Teer's inventory now synced across the board, swapping the 2FA reward was essential to us to continue advocating for players to enable it
These armor pieces are equippable on both Warframes and Kahl:
Sorex Chest Plate
Sorex Shoulder Guards
Sorex Leg Guards
These armor pieces are available for purchase directly in the in-game Market.
Note that while we are only releasing one of the Sisters of Parvos sets initially shown in the art for the Sisters of Parvos update, our goal is to have all three sets available in the future!
Ignis Wraith Research is now available to all Clans!
Take a trip down memory lane with me as we travel back to 2017. Operation: The Pacifism Defect event concludes, and the top 10% of Clans in their tier are awarded the Research for the Ignis Wraith. Fast forward to 2022, and Research remains within those Clans, showing some unfortunate side effects of Trading manipulation. After internal discussion, the team decided to add the Ignis Wraith Research to all Clans with some rules:
Ignis Wraith Blueprint Research requires the Clan to have a Rank of 10 and will be three times more expensive
we believe it's vital that Clans earn the Research for those who did not place in the Operation.
Ignis Wraith Blueprint is now untradable
protecting players from Trade manipulation who might be unaware that it's now available in Clan Research.
Ignis Wraith Blueprint's sell price is now equal to the acquire price of 15,000 Credits
Allowing those who might have stockpiled Blueprints for Trading purposes to make back their Credits.
Added an "Accept All" option in the Pending section of the Clan Menu to allow you to approve all pending Clan join requests.
Removed the automatic message notifying members that a player has been kicked, has left, or has been rejected from the Clan.
Added a toggle while in the Dojo to toggle the Map visibility. 
Missed note from previous hotfixes: Added ability to toggle character shadows while in the Dojo. 
Fixed the cancel button not being visible when visiting a Clan Ad screen for the first time from the Clan screen. 
Also fixed two loading spinners appearing when loading into the Clan AD screen. 
Fixed issues of the Starlight Market Dojo room clipping into other rooms.
Fixed controller input binding missing to expand the Legend list in the Dojos.
Operator Energy pickups will now be shared with Warframe. 
Note that this won't affect Warframe mods that trigger certain conditions off energy pick-up while in Operator mode (ie. Health Conversion).
Included Message when unlocking a Void Relic to indicate which Void Relic buff is active and a brief explanation of what it does.
The Index Investment screen has been refreshed and will now apply selected themes. 
Equinox's split form while using the Duality Augment Mod will now retrieve ammo while active. 
Added a mechanism which permanently unlocks Arbitration missions one you have completed all current mission nodes. Even if we add new mission nodes in the future, you will not lose access to Arbitrations. 
Arbitrations now give +500 Health to the chosen Warframe and 2 additional weapons will appear as buff eligible. 
Added refresh timers to all UI screens where Daily Cap is shown (Syndicates). 
Reduced the number of Syndicate Medallions required to complete the Riven Challenge from 12-16 to 8-12. 
Re-added the remaining Voidplume UI counter onboard the Zariman (similar to Medallions in Syndicate Missions). 
Made Eidolon Shards redeemable for 2500 Focus, similar to how Brilliant and Radiant shards have the same functionality. 
Eidolon Shards can now be fed in bundles of 25 to appease the Helminths Sentient appetite.
The following Warframe Blueprints that can be obtained from Simaris can now be sold for Credits: 
Atlas Blueprint
Chroma Blueprint
Titania Blueprint
Gara Blueprint
Inaros Blueprint
Weapon FX Brightness adjustments
The following weapons have had their explosion FX tweaked for teammates:
Cedo
Glaive explosion fx, particles will now have reduced brightness for teammates.
Bubonico
Adjusted the Bubonico's Alt fire explosion to be reduced for teammates. 
Corvas Prime
Fixed some stacking explosion FX issues with the Ogris Nightwatch Napalm mod, and made it respect Reduce Team FX settings. 
Updated thrown weapons to now only show a single projectile in hand when only one 1 projectile is remaining before reloading. This affects the following weapons:
Kunai
Castanas
Talons
Hikou 
Pox
Despair
Changed all 'Thrown Blade' skin names to 'Thrown Weapon'. 
Titania's Moyturan Wings auxiliary attachment from the Donann skin will now flap when she is in Razorwing mode. 
Note: If equipped on Titania Prime, her Primed energy wings will not appear. 
Added sound FX to Eximus when their Overguard shields are depleted. 
Added explosion FX to the Corvas Prime while in Archwing. 
Un-owned Landing Crafts will now appear for purchase in the Landing Craft inventory list. 
Changed the 'Enable Voice' option to be off by Default. 
Felarx Incarnon Form changes: 
These changes were made thanks to Community Feedback that the Felarx was struggling compared to other Incarnon weapons in its class. 
Now uses a larger projectile. 
Increased damage while in Incarnon Form from 600 to 700. 
Increased the FX on the Incarnon Form. 
Fixed unintended animation behavior with the shells during reload. 
Improved the confirmation messages for installing and purchasing Orokin Catalysts and Gravimags, as well as explaining what's being installed and why. 
Mining Vendors in Open-Worlds now carry a Relic-pack that can be purchased from their Offerings, similar to the Relic pack that is currently available for Syndicate standing.
Drifter eye FX will now be hidden when in the midst of the Smoke Screen ability. 
Searching within the Arsenal now prioritizes item name over item description. 
Added Globelight interaction onboard the Zariman near the external ship bay.
Made volume adjustments to some ambient music on board the Zariman. 
Holding RB on controller now opens the Operator ability menu like it does for Warframes. 
The Modding Menu now shows relevant currencies to the Mod you are working on in the currency bar rather than the top corner for the Modding Menu. 
Updated the icons on Riven Mod packs in the in-game Market and in the Daily Tribute options. 
Updated the description of the following Melee abilities to indicate that they scale with the mods on your melee weapon as well as your current melee combo. 
Atlas' Landslide 
Khora's Whipclaw
Gara's Shattered Lash 
When selecting UI Themes in the Customization aimenu, the icons now enlarge on hover. 
Adjusted the name of Shotgun Spazz (including Amalgam version) to Shotgun Barrage. 
In light of being educated by concerned players on word connotations.
The Nightwave Series banner now increases scale on hover.
Adjusted how the Somatics blend with the Holdfast NPC's.
Slightly increased the Eximus Nox Helmet armor.
Updated the volume of Drifter vocalization on jumping.
Updated the FX of applying an Orokin Catalyst. 
Updated the Syndicate Menu width for certain languages. 
Made several improvements to the navigation and objective markers in the Corpus Ice Planet tilset. 
Improved the skybox lighting in the Drifter Camp. 
Increased recovery window for self-knockdowns and self-staggers. 
Changed Corpus Orbiter decoration materials to be a bit brighter/more punchy.
Weapon descriptions are now left aligned. Making big moves here, bet you didn't see that one coming now did you. 
Purchases on the Warframe website and when purchasing TennoGen now use new backend science to determine the currency/region pricing. Most players won't notice this change, but we wanted to be transparent for those who may see a currency difference.
Optimized the particle FX on the Ogris. 
Optimized performance of various screens that showed a grid of items.
Optimized framerate during certain in-game Syndicate transmissions. 
Optimized waypoints on Venus to save memory. 
Optimized viewing the codex via player profiles in and out of missions. 
Optimized object rendering for Voidshell skins. 
Optimized CPU cost of multiple Tributa Statues in Dojos. 
Improved the loading of several decorations in the Orbiter and Dormizone, notably the Necramech Decorations.
Improved perforation for Sporelacer's secondary projectile. 
Made several memory and graphics optimizations across the game (including Open Zones, FX, and more).
Made optimization to the memory used in missions.
Made a micro-optimization to level streaming.
Made a few micro-optimizations to game code.
Made systemic optimizations to memory footprint for all platforms. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations to game code systems.
Improved how players are loaded from the Plains of Eidolon back to Cetus.
Fixed an issue where a large hitch in the middle of a fast travel could leave the screen white. 
Fixed significant performance drops when using a weapon skin that changes projectile visuals, using high amounts of multishot, and Mirage's Hall of Mirrors. 
Fixed frame rate-dependent animation reload inconsistencies with the Felarx. 
Fixed spot loading hitch when ranking up in Nightwave. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur if the graphics driver was disabled. 
Fixed a spot-building/loading hitch that would occur when accepting an invite to a Dojo. 
Fixed loading issue for the Post New War landscapes (Orb Vallis & The Plains of Eidolon).

### Fixes
Although The New War is largely over, Narmer's enslavement of the Origin System continues. But who is in control of Narmer now? Many Grineer and others remain imprisoned and helpless under the crushing influence of the Narmer Veil.
Enter Kahl-175. Having survived his brush with the Sentients, and now free from their shackles, he emerges as the Origin System's newest savior. Wield his explosive Grineer armaments as you race against time to rescue your Brothers from Narmer's oppressive clutches. Battle Archons alongside your Squadmates, meet the 50th Warframe Styanax*, take on all-new Missions, bend time with the Protea Caladrius Collection, and much more!
This update also has a heavy focus on Quality of Life (QOL) changes including a rework to Spearguns, the three starter Warframes (Excalibur, Mag, and Volt), improvements to Riven database collecting, a whole slew of Warframe Augment Mod buffs, and more to be discovered below.
With Veilbreaker comes a weekly approach to the systems introduced in this update. We want a variety of options for players to plan Daily, Weekly, and Evergreen goals.
With this goal of polishing comes the compromise that some of the rewards are also delayed a week, but we would rather have a more enjoyable experience vs. a rushed one. What that means for you is the free-path items through the new Chipper character, such as new Kahl cosmetics, new Mods, Styanax blueprints, new weapon blueprints etc., will be accessible when Kahl's Break Narmer weekly missions begin. These missions are the only path to obtaining Stock, the currency used in Chipper's offerings.
Once you have completed the Veilbreaker introductory quest, the following gameplay systems become available:
* More detailed information on the above systems is provided in dedicated sections below.
Kahl-175 returns! In this solo introductory quest, witness the state of the Origin System following the events of The New War through the perspective of Grineer Lancer Kahl-175. Though Narmer's leadership was shattered by the Tenno, many have yet to escape the Veil's influence. With a new devotion to his Grineer brothers, Kahl partners with an unlikely ally to rescue those still imprisoned.
Completing the quest will reward you with the Archon Shard Helminth Segment Blueprint to install on your Helminth.
Upon completion of the Quest, Tenno will gain access to KAHL'S GARRISON, a new Syndicate located in the Drifter's Camp on Earth. Next week you'll get access to Rank up with this Syndicate by completing weekly Garrison Assignments to unlock new vendors in the camp, and customize Kahl with earned customizations.
Garrison Assignments are one-per-week solo missions available at Kahl in the Drifter's Camp. Play as Kahl to continue his heroic task of freeing more victims from the Veil.
There are three unique Kahl driven missions accessible through Garrison Assignments. Additional challenges are presented during these Assignments and are optional to complete. Completing these challenges rewards a new currency called Stock (more on this below) that can be spent in Kahl's Garrison.
Each week's Break Narmer Assignment can be replayed throughout that week for more chances to complete the optional challenges.
Four new Somarchord Songs are available to unlock by finding Somachord Fragments located throughout Garrison Assignment missions.
FINAL STAND
HOLD THE LINE
SKYBREAK
STEEL HORIZON
Since Kahl is not equipped with a scanner of his own, these Fragments can be collected by interacting with them to pick up.
This Syndicate auto-ranks with weekly gameplay progress rather than needing Standing! Unlocking ranks means building up the Garrison with new faces and opportunities.
New Archon Warframe Mods
Kahl Customizations
Fog of War Ephemera 
Styanax Components
Various Weapon Blueprints
Archon Shards
A new collection of Warframe Mods has landed in Kahl's Garrison! They offer an increase of core stats with added effects for elemental damage dealing abilities.
*Stats shown below are all at max rank.
Likewise note that this currently has issues with some abilities that "heal over time" or trigger a heal after the ability is already running, we'll be making improvements to this one as well.
Kahl's Garrison will be present in your Drifter Camp following the completion of the Veilbreaker Quest. Visit Kahl-175 there and refresh his uniform with a variety of customization options. Equipped with Voidshell technology and a variety of Helmet and Attachment options, players can kit him with a unique look that would make his Brothers proud.
Leg, shoulder, and chest Armor you own can also be equipped on Kahl!
Face veiled opponents as you navigate familiar locations through Narmer-controlled parts of the Origin System.
In an Archon Hunt, Tenno must complete three missions of increasing difficulty with additional restrictions.
Only one Archon Hunt is available each week, so players can try their hand at completing it solo, or tackling it with a squad.
For every player in the squad, enemies grow in strength (+50% Health and Shields per).
While the Archon Hunt can be replayed, the rewards will only drop once.
These missions are intended to be challenging, so select your loadouts carefully to overcome your obstacles and take down your opponents.
*The team is aware and investigating a bug where the Archons will sometimes take exorbitant amounts of damage; we are looking to resolve this soon.
Fixed the Chemtank Syandana's liquid FX clipping through its tank. 
Fixed Lavos Kuvael Alchemist Helmet missing liquid FX: the artist's original intent was for liquid to be inside the helmet. 
Fixed being unable to change the energy color of the Revenant Tenebrus Helmet. 
Fixed being unable to color the glass on the Gara Adora Helmet. 
Fixed the Lumis Oculus resting higher on the Drifter's face than the Operator's. 
Fixed being unable to change the energy color of the Kalynex Polearm skin. 
Fixed several offset issues with the Lamassu Shoulder Armor.
Fixed getting punted out of the room when defeated by Specter. 
Fixed combat music not resetting when defeated by Specter. 
Fixed the kneel animation dissolving on a loop when Specter has been defeated. 
Fixed companion not being revived and teleported back to you at the spawn point after being defeated by Specter. 
Fixed Specter kneeling animations for bulkier Warframes to prevent their hands from clipping through themselves.
Fixed Khora's Whipclaw passing through enemies at 2-9m range (which made enemies very difficult to hit if you are aiming at them) and causing the explosion to occur behind them.
Fixed Titania's Razorflies always facing the same direction. They should be more dynamic now! 
Fixed Titania's Razorflies triggering the effect of the Secondary Deadhead and Pax Seeker Arcanes. 
Fixed being able to fly around after being downed as Titania while Razorwing is active, which was also causing loss of functionality.
Fixed the Tentacles of Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm targeting your companion before enemies. 
Fixed issue where "X/Y Medallions Found" could get out of sync for players who were AFK when one of the Medallions was picked up. 
Fixed Zenurik's Inner Might causing Atlas' Rubble Heap Augment Mod to cost Energy even when you have over 1400 rubble. 
Fixed Atlas being able to self-damage and destroy objectives with Tectonics.
Fixed Excalibur Umbra randomly deactivating Exalted Blade when playing as Operator. 
Umbra will now keep Exalted Blade active, and will turn off only if your Exalted Blade deactivates. 
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse increasing the scanning time with your Synthesis scanner. 
Fixed Sevagoth being stuck in slow motion after being controlled by Mutalist Alad V and casting Gloom. 
Fixed the teleport delay from Drifter Camp to Orbiter (both there and back). 
Fixed Mag's Polarize inconsistently removing enemy armor if it affected a group of enemies versus a single unit. 
Fixed issue of recasting Vast Untime on Xaku consuming a charge of Inner Might but not reducing the casting cost. 
Fixed the timer for Gyre's Cathode Grace not increasing duration for Client on Warframe Ability kills.
Fixed duration timer in HUD for Volt's Speed disappearing if another member of the squad is playing Volt and casts Speed at the same time. 
Fixed the +100 Ability Duration and Status Immunity Helminth Invigorations not applying to Sevagoth's Shadow. 
Fixed some melee weapons (ex: Nikana with Blind Justice) not chain attacking while blocking in melee-only mode. 
Fixed Xoris being able to spontaneously shed combo-stack buffs (Blood Rush/Weeping Wounds) as if they had done a heavy attack, but without actually doing it, when chaining throws. 
Fixed Steel Path Excavators spawning at level 1 while enemies are level 135. This was a UI bug only, health scaling was working as intended. 
Fixed incorrect Arching animations when using sprint, aim and dash. 
Fixed swapping to Alt-fire on the Zenith breaking its functionality for the remainder of the mission 
Fixed rare issue where enemies killed with Cascadia Empowered would freeze in place after dying.
Fixed visual issue with how instant teleports (ex. Nova's Wormhole and Transference) appear to other players observing the Ability. 
Fixed Protea's Blaze Artillery at times temporarily preventing certain inputs from working (melee for example) during the throwing animation. 
Fixed the Drifter loadout only copying colors from the Operator's left eye in The New War quest. 
Fixed issue where Void Slinging into the Zariman Void Angel fight arena before being teleported out would leave the Operator invisibile. 
Fixed issues of equipping two Amp Arcanes that convert Amp damage to single type (ie. heat) not doing instances of void damage whatsoever. 
Fixed the Helminth ability Master's Summon not recalling Moas/Hounds.
Fixed getting permanently stuck in the limbo state during The War Within quest if you fall off the cliff in the mountain pass stage. 
Fixed issue of the Operator getting trapped in the Skybox after dying to the Golden Maw in the War Within Quest.
Fixed the signal light material used to highlight the parkour opportunities in the Gas City tileset now flickering orange instead of overbright white.
Fixed missing Ordis dialog subtitles in the Limbo Theorem quest. 
Corrected incorrect wrong emissive texture on Lumis Operator earrings. 
Fixed Magus Overload's explosion not dealing damage if the enemy affected was rising from ragdoll.
Fixed Magus Overload instantly killing robotic enemies on Void Sling. 
Fixed Titania being unable to use Blink while in Razorwing when Guardian Shell is active. 
Fixed an issue where 'On Void Sling' Arcanes were mistakenly applying multiple times. This also applied to: 
Magus Overload
Magus Accelerant
Fixed Brief Respite Warframe Aura Mod affecting the Operator. 
Fixed the Aero Vantage Mod causing your Warframe to perform the walk animation while aim-gliding and rolling. 
Fixed the following Parazon Mods not functioning properly on Thrall Mercy Kills. 
Blood for Ammo
Hard Reset
Malicious Code 
Fixed your character rotating rapidly in the Pause Menu if it was opened while you are toggled into Blocking or you are facing enemies that cause you to automatically Block. 
Fixed an issue with the exit animation when leaving Railjack stopping abruptly. 
Fixed environment outside the Railjack not moving for Host when watching Client pilot. 
Also fixed the Host seeing the spawn location even after the Client had flown around and they had taken over the pilot seat.
Fixed backdrop in the Railjack's window not being correct according to its actual location for Clients who join in-progress missions.
Fixed connectivity issues that would occur in Railjack when transitioning between missions.
Fixed an issue where exiting the Railjack could make everyone in the squad's screen fade to black. 
Fixed being unable to use Garuda's Claws on Railjack after dying in Archwing. 
Fixed absurd Operator ragdoll issues.
Fixed some emissives on the Kalynex Polearm Skin .
Fixed Clients seeing Hosts in flying animation position inside Crewship after using Railjack Archwing Slingshot. 
Fixed Railjack Crewmembers' names, notably Converted Liches, overlapping in the Crew UI with their squad number. 
Fixed Clients being unable to kick crew members off of the Dorsal or Ventral Railjack Turrets if they are already occupying it. 
Fixed Crew auto-piloting prematurely ending if another ship flies in front of Railjack.
Fixed Crew auto-piloting targeting camera position instead of target position. 
Also tweaked view on the Dorsal, Ventral, and the Tunguska Cannon. 
Fixed the default Arching Reticle overlapping the custom Incarnon Weapon Reticle when in Archwing. 
Fixed the last bonus icon in a Plains of Eidolon Bounty showing up as silver (bonus objective failed) even if the bonus has been fulfilled.
Fixed custom Reticle color getting reset to white after using Archwing Blink twice in succession. As reported here:
Fixed custom Reticle disappearing when dual wielding a Glaive + Pistol and throwing the Glaive when it isn't fully charged.
Fixed Voidshell Material Structures not applying to the Drifter/Operator Voidshell Skin. 
Fixed custom colors not applying to the Targis Prime Chest and Knee Armor Plates. 
Fixed the missing explosion sound FX on the Akarius' projectiles. 
Fixed being able to escape the Uranus Sealab tileset using Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed check marks missing next to completed Sortie missions in navigation. 
Fixed the Phobos Corpus Ship fly-in skybox not having the updated Deimos model. 
Fixed Simaris targets not spawning in the direction they want to target, to prevent them from spinning around. 
Fixed some cases of Warframes and NPCs falling through elevators.
Fixed cases of some Melee weapons being unable to chain attacks while blocking in exclusive Melee mode. 
Fixed NPC's being stuck in Relay Elevators when the doors close.
Fixed case of Dialogue being in the incorrect order in The Sacrifice Quest during the game of Komi.
Fixed the Warframe statue in the Personal Quarters not being visible to visiting players on your Orbiter. 
Fixed picking up Void Plumes from Void Angels or Melica Caches triggering the "Found X/Y" popup message. 
Since there are no fixed numbers in the levels from Void Angels/Melica, it didn't make sense to show messaging for these. 
Fixed the New Loka Syndicate room outline not appearing in the Relay map. 
Fixed players not being able to see the Hosts' featured Warframe when visiting their Orbiter.
Fixed players being able to see out of a hole in the Deck 12 Tunnel in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed players being able to still fly when being downed as Titania during the Razorwing cast animation.
Fixed the final Plains of Eidolon bounty stage displayed as silver (indicating bonus objective failed) even when successful.
Fixed not being able to fail the Deimos assassinate bounty when needing to defend the cauldron as it summons the assassination target.
Fixed issue of Menu inputs reverting to Keyboard when using Controller on PC and using the attached keyboard in the Arsenal or appearance menu. 
Fixed some funky water FX in the Drifter Camp. 
Fixed Client infinitely hanging on the "Waiting for Players" state and failing to join after being invited by Host (from Orbiter) while in the Chrysalith. 
Fixed the ships that hover around the Zariman being visible in the Railjack Star Chart. 
Fixed issue of Thrax enemy Spectral Forms re-spawning with 40% Max Health. 
Fixed issues of Thrax Spectral Forms returning to their Corporeal Form at 2.5x their original health.
Fixed white explosions appearing during the "Defeat Grineer Pursuit Target" mission phase in Railjack, in the Raptor Boss Fight and at the end of the Ambulas Boss fight. 
Fixed cases of one of the Orb Vallis' Caves generators not draining to give access to Toroids. 
Fixed the Yareli and Merulina Noggles only being selectable from the base.
Fixed Coolant leak reflections not functioning when GPU particle quality is disabled. 
Fixed rare case of the sky flickering while on board the Zariman.
Fixed being unable to equip weapons in the Arsenal while in the Dormizone. 
Fixed Ayatan Sculptures animating for Clients when they aren't fully socketed. 
Fixed the Granum Void and Cephalon Simaris' target being enabled in the Grendel Locator missions. 
Fixed Incarnon Weapon reticles being visible in Captura Scenes.
Fixed Focus Conversion through the Arsenal physically duplicating your Warframe. 
Fixed Friends lists sometimes duplicating player names. 
Fixed being unable to use in Blink Pads Open Worlds while being ragdolled. 
Fixed the Exolizer progress halting if a Host migration occurs after barriers are destroyed but the Thrax Centurion has not yet spawned in Zariman Void Cascade missions.
Fixed issue of Map loading within the Zariman causing spawn issues following Host migration.
Fixed issue where Void Slinging into a Void Angel could cause total Operator functionality loss. 
Fixed Exodampers in Void Armaggeddon reviving at full health after a Host migration.
Fixed offline Exodampers in Void Armageddon switching places and changing debuffs after Host migration. 
Fixed Host being able to hear a ping song every time they or a Client places a waypoint. 
Also fixed Clients being unable to hear placed waypoints at all when placed. 
Fixed Prime Parts being sorted at the bottom of the end of mission screen. 
They will now be sorted with the same importance as Prime Blueprints. 
Fixed Client being unable to board Railjack after completing a mission if the Host is not inside the Railjack. 
Fixed an issue where Clients would sometimes never get the prompt to kick a crewmate out of the Pilot's seat.
Fixed the fuselage of the default Railjack skin missing in the Dry dock, cinematics, and missions. 
Fixed overblown FX on the Ram Jammer Railjack Intrinsic. 
Fixed enemies teleporting to their shooting position when approaching Rampart turrets, completely skipping their transition animation. 
Fixed the collision on Friendly Kuva Liches & Sisters of Parvos to ensure they can now enter certain spaces, such as elevators. 
Fixed being unable to rotate Landing Craft when customizing it with a controller. 
Fixed losing all your Molt Augmented Arcane stacks after a Host migration. 
Fixed being able to trigger a stealth kill on low health enemies instead of performing a Mercy Kill with your Parazon. 
Fixed the feet and legs of the Khora's Ushuru Skin appearing sunken and stretched. 
Fixed for Melee elemental FX not showing up when loading into a level.
Fixed the 'Marathoner' Plains of Eidolon Challenge counting meters traveled when using the Blink Pads. 
Fixed missing texture on Drakgoon's default projectiles.
Fixed Kuva Trokarians not using their anti-Warframe spears. 
Fixed multiple map holes in the Dormizone.
Fixed several map holes in the Southwest corner of the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed your character shifting between postures when pressing forward while other keys are pressed down.
Fixed issue where the Oull Parazon Mod icon was not displaying in the Mod upgrade screen.
Fixed the incorrect mask colors for Executioner Vay Molta in Dog Days.
Fixed a couple decal issues on pillars aboard the Zariman.
Fixed being able to send the Capital Ship to the Void early in The Call of the Temperstarii Quest. 
Fixed Sentinel UI information completely disappearing (name, downed status, level, etc.) when killed in a mission. 
Fixed Quinn's high threat level transmission playing instead of his extraction transmission right when Extraction becomes available. 
Fixed an animation pop that would occur when equipping a weapon that has the 'Visible When Holstered' option enabled in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the 'Darvo Deal' sale tag appearing in the in-game Market randomly when you own a coupon. 
Fixed the following decorations not being able to be chat linked: 
Boot Trophy
Flagellocanth trophy
Lobotriscid trophy
Fixed tileset not loading in through doorways in the Kuva Fortress until you get close enough for the opening animation to start. 
Fixed Mods showing up in the End of Mission screen regardless of what is typed. 
Fixed the Auditor in the Index deploying laser barriers nowhere near its current position. 
Fixed issue with Corpus helmets popping off on spawn.
Fixed purchase button appearing over Operator faces. 
Fixed access to forbidden areas in the New Loka area in Relays.
Fixed map hole in the post New War Plains of Eidolon near Mount Nang. 
Fixed End of Mission screen not covering the top of the screen. 
Fixed issues with textures not responding properly to light. 
Fixed Sister of Parvos dialogue "I claim this sector" when they have retreated to the final Railjack confrontation.
Fixed rare issue with Atlas' Tectonics Ability.
Fixed issue of Clients not appearing to squadmates as though they're moving after loading into the mission.
Fixed skybox issue on board the Zariman.
Fixed the "Updating Account Information. Please wait." message not disappearing in poor network conditions with the end of a mission screen. 
Fixed mentions of Platinum being capitalized in Trading windows.
Fixed "Fortuna" and "Spaceport" location labels appearing in title case in minimap while the rest are uppercase. 
Fixed issue related to shaders responsible for explosions. 
Fixed weird bracket offsets on context actions. 
Fixed rare case of being unable to see Operator in another player's Profile diorama. 
Fixed Clients seeing asterisks instead of the threat level Void Cascade missions when the Host is playing in another language. 
Fixed "Syndicate Disruption" and "Fissure Kuva Survival" mission labels in the World State Window appearing in title case when they should be in uppercase. 
Fixed rare issue with decorations.
Fixed collision issues with several Displays so they fit more flush to walls when decorating. This change will retroactively apply to any of the following Displays that are already placed. 
Kahl-175 Community Display 
Teshin Community Display 
Veso Community Display 
Vala and Parvos Community Display 
Yareli Community Display
Pride Community Display 
Fixed issues with leaving your squad while in a Relay.
Fixed not being able to launch event missions from the World State Window in Navigation. 
Fixed collision issues with one of the Hydroponic walls in the Zariman.
Fixed text issues in the Operator Focus Menu for the Ukrainian language. 
Fixed issues of text being cut off when viewing weapon stats in the Arsenal. 
Fixed missing Operator Energy UI during The War Within quest. 
Fixed issues of Warframes stuttering while moving when in situations with connectivity. When observed, Warframes will not appear to move smoothly regardless of connectivity. 
Fixed instances of your Operator appearing in the opening cinematic for the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed the Arbiters of Hexis Armor connection points being wonky on Hildryn. As reported on here:
Fixed instances where the incorrect dialogue would play out of order in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed missing Ordis lines in the War Within quest. 
Fixed interrupting Sancti Tigris mid-reload leaving floating cartridges in the air. 
Fixed a large door in the Zariman appearing much darker than its surroundings. 
Fixed 'Hey Kiddo' pal positioning being wonky. 
Fixed being unable to chat-link most Helmets and Weapons Skins. 
Fixed rare Crash when playing Railjack. 
Fixed the Tar Mutalist's ranged attack puddle on impact appearing perpendicular to the ground. 
Fixed fix missing landing sounds FX when using Yareli's Merulina boosters. 
Fixed crash after picking up certain items (e.g. Vomvalyst energy) with Sevagoth's Shadow and then dying and respawning. 
Fixed crash when certain enemies attempt to melee attack. 
Fixed a rare crash that occurred when changing between levels. 
Fixed a rare crash that would occur with some audio. 
Fixed script error with Baruuk's Serene Storm. 
Fixed script error when using Trinity's Link on board a POI and then returning to the Railjack. 
Fixed script error that would occur in Captura. 
Fixed Warframe Launcher not auto-selecting language on OS with the language set to Traditional Chinese.
Fixed script error that occasionally occurred when one of Caliban's summoned Conculysts were killed. 
Fixed Crash that occurred in New War Quest related to Last Gasp when starting as the Drifter.
Fixed script error that could occur when spawning Sentient enemies in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed script error when viewing the Eidolon Lure in Codex. 
Fixed script error related to the Soma Prime. 
Fixed some of the recommended trick inputs being incorrect in the Waverider Quest. 
Fixed the Imperial Rampart Codex entry using the model for the regular Rampart. 
Fixes towards an out of memory crash during The New War.

## Khora Prime: Hotfix 31.7.2
**Date:** 2022-08-17T14:59:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Before we begin paving the way for our next major Update: Veilbreaker, we wanted to bring some additions to your Arsenal and a couple Quality of Life changes! The team will be Hotfixing where necessary in order to clear the path for Veilbreaker.
### Changes
Khora Prime: Hotfix 31.7.2:
Ready your Arsenal for another incredible round of TennoGen creations! Check them out now via Steam launcher and support hard-working Tenno designers from the Warframe Community.
TennoGen Round 22 Part 2 to follow soon
stay tuned!
Vauban BonaparteSkin by Hydroxate & Debbysheen
Gara Adora Helmet by That1Cactus & blazingcobalt 
Lavos Kuvael Alchemist Skin by Erneix 
Mesa Insomnia Skin by Goosmo 
Revenant Tenebrus Helmet by Awk`Q-Luz & malaya
Alchemist Chemtank Syandana by Erneix 
Asteria Chest Armor by led2012 
Lamassu Shoulder Armor by LostEpoch
Kalynex Polearm by kakarrot2812
Caerulea Oculus by Awk'Q-Luz & blazingcobalt
Originally introduced in Update 15, the Syndicate system brought new characters (where my Cressa Tal fans at??) and a handful of new goals within the system. Part of that system included the eventual introduction of Syndicate Medallions; unique objects gathered within missions to redeem for their respective Standing.
Fast forward to 2022 and Update 31.5 Angels of the Zariman introduces the Holdfast Syndicate and their respective Medallions; Voidplumes.
While the Medallion system itself is not new, the Zariman tilesets spurred conversations around individual vs team wide pickups due to the grandeur size of the tilesets themselves.
The feedback we received from the community expressed pain points related to necessary backtracking in order to collect the Plumes, which meant deviating from the Objective and causing longer than necessary mission times in order to collect them all.
Similar pain points were what brought forth the squad-wide pickup change to Railjack.
As an additional lateral change, Riven Challenges for Syndicate Medallion collecting have been changed to be Solo specific and the amount reduced to 8-12 instead of 12-16. Already existing Rivens won't adopt this change but will instead lose any complicated conditions and just be "Find X Medallions".
While maintaining our original intentions to connect Railjack to some more 'core Warframe' style rewards, we've made a few changes to have Ash components be more new player friendly for those starting their Railjack journey.
Having them live only in Rotation C brought feedback of accessibility concerns for newer players trying to complete their Ash build.
While Oberon parts do drop in new player friendly areas, having his Neuroptics reside within the Veil Proxima was a steep climb to have a chance at collecting all the parts you need.
Added Ash components to Corpus Railjack Exterminate/Volatile (4.82
4.88% chance), reducing Endo drops slightly. 
Added Ash components to Corpus Railjack Survival/Defense Rotation A (13.33% chance), reducing Endo drops slightly & rearranging the drop % of rotation C.
Moved Oberon Neuroptics from Veil Proxima to Earth, reducing Endo drops slightly and rearranging the drop %.
Replaced the duplicate Meso H2 Relic dropping in Tier 2 Defense with the correct Meso H3 Relic. 
You can now search for Incarnon weapons in your Inventory by typing "Incarnon". 
Removed the Necramech 'Engine Low Power' sound due to excessive repetition when using it for a long time at low power
warning will now only occur when the engine is fully depleted.
Adjusted the Peculiar Audience Mod sounds to have more prominent laughing. 
Adjusted textures of Orokin Heavy Gunner Arctic Eximus so it doesn't use Blitz Eximus textures.

### Fixes
Fixed experiencing a Host Migration when attempting to join a public session from a Town to an Open World (Cetus > Plains, etc).
Fixed Arcane Ultimatum not proccing off Ash's Bladestorm.
Fixed occasional progression stoppers in The Glast Gambit Mycona Colony Defense Mission:
Fixed Myconians sometimes not spawning.
Fixed Myconians sometimes do not use the door console to unlock the gate. 
Added a timed fallback to open the door in case they couldn't path to it within 30 seconds.
Fixed a script error when opening the locked door.
Fixed an Operator functionality loss after Void Slinging into the Angel's teleport volume.
Fixed a crash occurring in the Corpus Ship related to Turrets.
Fixed a crash that could occur when Octavia's Passive triggers.
Fixed a crash when Volt's Speed ability expires.
Fixed Octavia's Resonator spawning behind locked areas in the Orphix tileset. 
Fixed spot loading hitch when ranking up in Nightwave.
Fixed not loading into a Railjack mission when a Client player leaves during the warp transition (load tunnel). 
Fixed music playing infinitely for Clients in the Fortuna Heist backroom. 
Fixed last Bonus in a Bounty displaying as silver (bonus objective failed) even if the bonus is fulfilled.
Fixed letting Cauldron die in the Deimos Assassinate Bounty stage not failing the objective. 
Fixed missing Hacking Console texture when a lockdown occurs in the Railjack Capital Ship.
Fixed inability to Chat Link the Peculiar Audience Mod. 
Fixed inconsistent casing (some words being proper and others being all caps) when hatching a Kubrow or Kavat.
Fixed inconsistent casing for 'Tenno' in the Interception UI. 
Fixed missing Cephalon Cy dialog during one of his Call of the Tempestarii Transmission.
Fixed customized color not being properly reflected on the Targis Prime Chest and Knee Armor plate.
Fixed Lua Rock (Small) and Lua Rock Column (Large) being listed in the Orokin category for the Dojo Architect menu instead of the Nature category.
Fixed Inbox Gift opening animation playing every time if you repeatedly click the screen. 
Fixed seeing a Narmer looking mission UI when opening Navigation right before a Hotfix/Update deploys.
Fixed numerous level holes in a certain Zariman tileset room that could be escapacble with Titania. 
Fixed certain VO playing out of order during The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed missing explosion sound on Akarius projectiles.
Fixed missing Ordis dialog subtitles in the Limbo Theorem.
Fixed Transmissions using wrong name tag colors in Ambulas fight.
Fixed a script error that could occur during Mastery Test 9 or 19.
Fixed a script error occurring when casting Mirage's Sleight Of Hand ability.
Fixed K10 Relic localized as K9 for German.
NOTE: the Lavos Kuvael Alchemist Skin by Erneix shipped with the liquid fx missing in the back flask and in the main glass helmet. The artist's original intent was for liquid to be in these two sections, and after communicating with the artist we will be correcting the liquid fx as soon as possible.

## Khora Prime: Hotfix 31.7.1
**Date:** 2022-07-28T17:55:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Khora Prime: Hotfix 31.7.1:

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash that could occur under poor network conditions when streaming between areas (Elevator to Zariman, Cetus to Plains etc.)
Fixed crashes when casting Harrow's Abilities. 
Fixed Host and Clients unable to Extract in the Zariman mission elevator if a Client leaves while an Angel is in the process of activating.
Fixed having 'Mission Progress' key held down preventing mission Extraction.
Fixed casting the Necramech's Necraweb Ability resulting in the Necramech becoming unarmed. 
Fixed a game lock when interacting with the deactivated News Panel during the Vor's Prize Quest.
Fixed a game lock when interacting with an inactive Ascension Altar in a Dojo.
Fixed Venari Prime not providing Mastery Rank points.
Upon login, accounts will retroactively be fixed to provide the appropriate Mastery.
Fixed Zariman Extraction portal spawning too early if an Angel is actively being fought during an Extermination mission. After killing the Angel a fake/non-functional Extraction marker is placed.
Fixed ability to join Orb Vallis Heist Bounties when ineligible through /join or the Friends list.
Fixed partial contribution to a Clan Research resulting in disabling Clan Vault Resources until the next visit.
Fixed Clients not receiving progress towards the Fallen Angel Nightwave challenge.
Fixed the Tenno Guide prompting you to complete The Waverider Quest before Heart of Deimos. 
Fixed incorrect number of Stimulus pick-ups in Sanctuary Onslaught. 
Fixed ragdolled enemies flying towards your next shot when killed with physics-based projectiles (for example Boltor) DoT damage.
Fixed Arcanes not having a description when hovered over in Mission Progress and End of Mission screen.
Fixed Sentient Mimics, Anu Mantalysts, Anu Pyrolysts (the latter 2 being Railjack Boarding party enemies) dropping their arm pieces when destroyed.
Fixed Necramech Fury's description showing '+1 Arcane Revive'.
Fixed another case of the Escort Drone getting stuck on wreckage in the post-New War Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed Undazoa spawning under floor in Codex diorama.
Fixed Ordis' subtitles being incorrect for one of his Inbox reminders.
Fixed Limbo Dodge (pressing shift while moving) sound not always playing.
Fixed muted audio when using an Operator Ability during The War Within Quest. 
Fixed duplicated audio when Rushing an item in the Foundry with Platinum.
Fixed motionless Mergoo models scattered on the ground in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed improper localized text in the PC Khora Prime Accessories pack.
Fixed a script error that could occur in the MR 29 practice test in Cephalon Simaris' room. 
Fixed script errors when casting Chroma's Effigy Ability.

## Khora Prime: Update 31.7
**Date:** 2022-07-16T20:02:14Z | **Type:** Update
Surprise Tenno! Khora Prime Access and the Titania Donann Collection are LIVE! Shown just moments ago during the TennoCon 2022 Art Panel, you can now take charge with the gilded huntress, Khora Prime and adorn your Titania with the "dangerously sharp aerodynamic high-tech" Donann Collection.
### Additions
Added a permanent link to the official Warframe Discord in the in-game news Community tab.

### Changes
Khora Prime: Update 31.7:
Ensnare your enemies and dominate the battlefield with your loyal Kavat, Venari Prime. Get Khora Prime, exclusive Prime Accessories, Weapons, Boosters and more instantly with Prime Access or earn Relics in-game to craft Khora Prime, Hystrix Prime and Dual Keres Prime.
Kerata Prime Syandana
Khora Prime Larqum Helmet
Interalpha Prime Narta
90-Day Affinity Booster
90-Day Resource Booster
Now that Khora Prime Access is available, the following items have been added to the Prime Vault. If you have Relics that contain these items they will remain in your Inventory.
Inaros Prime
Pantera Prime
Karyst Prime
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Cephalon Suda sacrifice of Inaros Prime Chassis to Harrow Prime Neuroptics. 
Replaced Perrin Sequence sacrifice of Panthera Prime Receiver to Pandero Prime Receiver.
Khora Prime Access is available NOW on all platforms. Don't miss out on adding the sadistic mistress Khora Prime to your Arsenal today! Find the Prime Access packs here:
And read about our Riven Disposition Guidelines here:
Assume the lethal form of a lustrous midnight. This collection includes the Titania Donann skin, Titania Moyturan Wings, the Aerospri Dex Pixia Skin, the Hawth Diwata Skin, and the Raylta Syandana.
Includes the Titania Moyturan Wings, Aerospri Dex Pixia Skin, and Hawth Diwata Skin when purchased. 
The Moyturan wings are an Auxiliary attachment that can be equipped by going to Attachments > Auxiliary in the Arsenal.
This skin features deluxe Donann Razorflies as well.

### Fixes
Fixed script error if you caught a boot while fishing.

## Nora's Mix Vol.2: Hotfix 31.6.4
**Date:** 2022-07-14T15:00:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
We are two days away from the big day! Do you have your snacks and drinks ready for a day of Warframe reveals? TennoCon 2022 kicks off Saturday, July 16th @ 12 PM ET over at twitch.tv/warframe!
### Changes
Nora'S Mix Vol.2: Hotfix 31.6.4:
Aside from what's listed below, this Hotfix contains some behind the scenes changes as we gear up for TennoCon. We'll see you on the 16th, Tenno!
Insert Disc 2.
"It's that time again, Dreamers."
Like previous editions of Nightwave, we have included duplicate protection for rewards that you have already unlocked. Identical to Nora's Mix Vol. 1, Tenno can expect to be compensated with Nora's Mix Vol. 2 Creds instead of the previous unlocked reward.
We are including 3 new Weekly Acts and 1 new Elite Weekly Act for those returning home. If you know... you know.
New weekly Acts include...
Eternal Guardian
Complete 3 Void Armageddon missions.
High Ground
Complete 3 Void Flood Missions.
Zariman Bounty Hunter
Complete 4 different Bounties in the Zariman.
Fallen Angel
Defeat 5 Void Angels in the Zariman.*This can be achieved either solo or while in a squad. If your squad defeats the Void Angel, every member will have the Act completed, regardless of if they dealt the final blow.
For any Tenno that have not yet completed Angels of the Zariman, these challenges are hidden to prevent any potential spoilers! We have also removed the Elite Weekly Act 'Silent Eliminator' which required you to complete a level 30 Exterminate without triggering alarms.
A mix of new rewards are coming alongside a hand-picked selection of rewards from previous Nightwave series!
Nightwave Ship Decoration
A mini-decoration of the Nightwave Landing Craft.
Noggle Statue
Nora Night
A small statue of a person larger than life.
Nora Night Glyph Pack
Complete your profile with a pair of Nora Night Glyphs
"Style baby!"
Weapon Augments (stats below are shown at max rank)
Critical Precision (Tiberon): Burst Fire Only: Headshots increase Critical Chance by 10% up to 500%. Missing with all shots in a burst removes up to 100% of this bonus Critical Chance. 
Vile Discharge (Embolist): Damage is accumulated up to 30,000. Use Alt-fire to launch an explosive vile sac dealing and resetting the accumulated damage.
Nightwave Operator Collection
Nora's got the goods for you lucky Dreamers with this stylish collection of the Nightwave Suit, Sleeves, and Leggings.
Nightwave Earpieces
A fashionable accessory only a Tenno could adorn.
Necramech Statue
Adorn your Orbiter with this decoration representing a Necramech.
The following items have also been added to the Cred Offerings shop:
Nightwave Ornament 
A decoration for all you Dreamers out there.
Gyre Automaton Helmet Blueprint 
Electrifying style coming in hotter than lighting!
Riven Disposition Changes:
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers
tune into TennoCon on July 16th to learn who is the next Prime Warframe!
Lohk Surge buffs will now apply to the whole squad instead of only when within Affinity Range of the player who activates it. 
Energy and Health Orbs can now be picked up, even if you have maxed out Energy, during the "Any Energy Orbs picked up grant 1 Energy per second for the rest of the mission" and "Any Health Orbs picked up grant 25 max Health for the rest of the mission" Lohk Surge buffs.
Reduced the price of the Kubrow Starter Kit from 65 Platinum to 50. 
Stasis Slots and DNA Stabilizers were removed from the game in Update 28 and also from the Kubrow Starter Kit, but the price was not adjusted to reflect this change. That said, we will be running a script to refund the 15 Platinum difference for players that had purchased the pack after the changes on June 11th, 2020. We will update here when the script has completed. 
The Hystrix now has signature effect of an 8% chance to instantly reload after landing headshots when wielded by Khora.
The Dual Keres now has a 20% Heavy Attack Efficiency when wielded by Khora.
Kuva Trokarians are now susceptible to CC abilities after their Overguard protection has been removed.
By design, Kuva Trokarians pre-Overguard had immunities/resistances from another source outside of Overguard that were still active once it was removed by players. They now follow the same logic as other enemies with Overguard.
Swapped the Saryn Junction Specter sniper rifle for a different rifle type that has been balanced for AI.
Swapped the Frost Specter (Earth-Mars) and Loki Specter (Uranus-Neptune). 
Swapped the Landing Craft 'Orokin Eye' Air Support icon for marked loot from the default marker to the Orokin Eye icon. 
Radiation Hazard will no longer appear with Interception mission Sorties.
It is simply just not fun for everyone to get Radiation proc'd while all standing together to capture a tower.
Added a marker to Warframe impaled by Void Angel for better visibility. 
Improved hit detection when damaging the Void Angel ground spike.
Made micro-optimizations to game & engine startup.
Made systemic optimizations to memory usage throughout the game on all platforms.
Made micro-optimizations to memory footprint for all platforms. 
Optimized memory footprint for large levels.

### Fixes
Fixed the Phenmor's "50% more Incarnon charge on headshots" Evolution IV perk not working. 
Charging to Incarnon mode was taking 12 hits regardless of if you had this Evolution perk or not. Now, charging will take 12 hits if you do not have this perk, and 8 hits if you do. 
Fixed stackable buffs for Galvanized Scope/Crosshair being removed all at once when the first stack's time runs out.
Also fixed Arcanes that have decaying stacks losing all their bonus when a stack expires. 
Fixed being unable to use manual blocking while in melee-only mode, or use aim+attack melee combos, unless you are also using the 'Hold to Aim Weapon' in the Accessibility options. 
We reverted back to its original functionality where melee could toggle into blocking mode when 'Hold to Aim Weapon' was disabled. 
Fixes towards Railjack crew members assigned to Pilot not trying to destroy mission targets while you're away.
This may still occur rarely but it's a different issue than the bug which caused them to never try at all. We'd appreciate your videos and detailed bug reports if you encounter POIs that crew members do not correctly engage.
Fixed an issue where jumping out of a mantle animation wouldn't give you any vertical velocity.
Previously, if you came across a scalable object, your Warframe would attempt to climb over the object. Pressing the jump button during this action would cause your Warframe to somersault downwards and fall. We have now adjusted the animation to propel the Warframe upwards to allow you to easily climb over the object and maintain your momentum.
Fixed more issues with Skittergirl pathing in the Zariman tileset.
Fixed Rank 3 or above Molt Augmented and Molt Reconstruct Arcanes not giving extra Warframe revives.
Also fixed the Molt Arcanes and Arcane Pulse not indicating that they will give an extra Warframe revive at Rank 3 and up. 
Also fixed an issue where being over capacity on mods was unforgiving, preventing even mods with zero drain from applying (ex. arcanes).
Fixed "Can Refresh" label appearing in the UI for Arcanes that do not have a Duration element to it. 
Fixed the stat change for Incarnon weapons that have crit/status chance Evolution upgrades not appearing in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the Emergence Savior Arcane giving Clients immortality after they die instead of triggering on death. 
Fixed the Cascadia Empowered Arcane buffs applying to Companion or Sentinel weapons.
Fixed an additional filter option appearing in Captura while using a controller. 
Fixed loss of functionality due to poor connection when Client dies in Necramech. 
Fixed Clients getting stuck in a black screen indefinity after Host Migration in Zariman missions. 
Fixed Clients getting permanently stuck in the Zariman elevator if they abort when the Void Angel's Health bar spawns. 
Fixed another case of back to back Zariman Extermination missions auto completing after Host migration occurs in the first mission. 
Fixed hitting a fish with the wrong spear causing them to be indefinitely uncatchable afterwards. 
Fixed being unable to pick up Energy Orbs after casting Zephyr's Airburst while Zenurik's Inner Might is active. 
Fixed skins applying to the Innodem's Incarnon mode form. 
Fixed issues where enemies may prefer to jump up and down to cross the elevator shaft, instead of just going around on the same level in the Zariman tileset. 
More fixes towards cases where an Arbitration Drone's aura might persist even after it was destroyed. 
Fixed Raptor not spawning in its Assasination mission if Host migration occurs after it appears for the first time. 
Fixed sound settings not being respected when driving over water with K-Drive. Splish splash was too loud. 
Fixed descriptions for Lohk Surges in-mission appearing as stars when playing in certain languages. 
Fixed certain Blink Pads in open landscapes losing functionality. 
Fixed the left Kukri Prime Leg Guard offset appearing weirdly on Saryn Prime and various of her skins. 
Fixed the Protovyre Leg Armor clipping through Harrow Prime. 
Fixed Prosecutor enemies being incorrectly named as 'Guardian Eximus' in the Simulacrum menu. 
Fixes towards rare cases where the launcher might show negative download size left when certain types of network error interrupt the download.
Fixed Dojo levels reloading after placing/canceling a new room and not spawning the player in front of the door for said room. 
Fixed an issue where the Molt from the Saryn Junction Specter would stay behind after the player respawns, causing her to target it instead of the player. 
Fixed another case of the Thrax Centurion going into an invulnerable crouch state instead of going into their Void form. 
Fixed the Arcanes in Cavalero's Offerings appearing under the 'Mods' category. As reported here:
Fixed the Drekar Ballista missing arms. 
Fixed a certain spot in the Grineer Sealab tileset resetting Warframe to a new spawn point face down. 
Fixed doors not opening to go back up to the surface during the Exploiter Orb fight. 
Also fixed crash related to this. 
Fixed script error that could occur when activating an enemy encounter in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed script error when building the Operator Vahd Apparel blueprint in the Foundry.
Fixed script error with Vauban's Tesla Nervos. 
Fixed script error with Lohk Surges. 
Fixed script error with custom UI themes. 
Fixed script error when casting Nidus' Ravenous in the Simulacrum and then switching Warframes via Arsenal before the Maggots explode. 
Fixed script error with Harrow's Penance. 
Fixed script error with the Railjack Phoenix Blaze Battle mod. 
Fixed script error with Saryn's Toxic Lash. 
Fixed script error with Landing Craft Air Support. 
Fixed script error caused by players exiting/disconnecting during the forced transference process when entering the Void Angel's portal.
Fixed script error when closing Codex. 
Fixed script error when capturing Conservation animals. 
Fixed script error with Chroma's Effigy.

## Echoes of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.6.3
**Date:** 2022-06-16T20:43:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
TennoCon 2022 is fast approaching (July 16th)! This is potentially the last Hotfix we will be putting out before we put all our focus exclusively on the TennoCon build (unless there is an emergency hotfix needed). While this Hotfix is small, it contains some "before the weekend" fixes and back-end prep for tomorrow's Relay Stress Test during Baro's appearance
hope to see you there!
### Changes
Echoes Of The Zariman: Hotfix 31.6.3:
Made micro-optimizations to memory use for certain types of special effects.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to memory usage for all platforms.
Improved the Twitch Drop inbox notifications when delivered.

### Fixes
Fixed slow rolling speed in Dog Days missions. We cleaned up our molasses spill, sorry about that. 
Fixed camera becoming frozen after viewing Wish List in the Profile menu.
Fixed script error with Vauban's Minelayer HUD UI. 
Fixed script error with Wukong's Passive. 
Fixed script error with Protea's Temporal Anchor. 
Fixed a script error that could occur if Zenurik's Disarming Sling hit a player under the effects of a Radiation proc. 
Fixed a script error from HUD after Host migration. 
Fixed several script errors in the Void Armageddon mission including one related to the Argozene Drops.

## Echoes of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.6.2
**Date:** 2022-06-15T18:40:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.6.1
**Date:** 2022-06-09T21:02:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of the Zariman: Update 31.6
**Date:** 2022-06-09T14:49:52Z | **Type:** Update
Echoes of the Zariman: Update 31.6 is our last major update before TennoCon (July 16th, 2022)! This update includes new Zariman content and a plethora of quality of life changes that were heavily motivated by player feedback. This isn't the first time we've used the "Echoes of X" as an update title
we did the same with "Echoes of War", the succeeding update to The New War. Moving forward, we will be using this title prefix for these kinds of updates that are direct follow-ups to major content releases.
### Additions
You may recall on Devstream 162 we had an open conversation about a newly surfaced bug where you could change the Operators facial appearance with any color available within your Color Palette inventory. While this was not intended, the team has discussed how to develop it into an appropriate feature based on Community sentiment.
We wanted to add an investment path towards earning the Refacia Kit for a couple key reasons: 1) prevent new player confusion who have yet to reach that level of lore within Warframe, and 2) having a cosmetic to strive for in the later game.
We understand that the artificial colors given are on the subdued side compared to the Infested Palette hot pink and neon green. Our desire is to take the enjoyed bug and turn it into a lore-driven feature that fits within the ecosystem of Warframe for all to enjoy!
Syndicate Rank Sigils have been added to Offerings in their respective Town hubs. These Sigils are purely cosmetic and do not offer Standing while equipped. 
Ostron Sigils
Old Man Suumbat in Cetus 
The Quills Sigils
Quill Onkko in Cetus 
Solaris United Sigils
Smokefinger in Fortuna 
Vox Solaris Sigils
Little Duck in Fortuna 
Ventkids Sigils
Roky in Fortuna 
Entrati Sigils
Son in Necralisk 
Necraloid Sigils
Loid in Necralisk 
The Holdfasts Sigils
Cavalero in Chrysalith

### Changes
Updated the Incarnon Form charge gauge in the Incarnon weapon reticle to improve readability on when there is charge/when it is at full charge. 
The Phenmor can now equip owned Rifle skins! 
The Laetum and the Praedos were released with this option enabled, it is now the Phenmor's turn! 
Updated Incarnon Weapon Evolution screen to include stat comparisons when selecting Evolution perks in Cavalero's evolve screen. From the original known bugs list.
Changed Laetum's 'Overwhelming Attrition' Evolution duration from 20 to 10 seconds.
Overwhelming Attrition was simply too powerful to justify using the other two Tier 5 Evolutions for the Laetum. This change was made to encourage build diversity for the Laetum. 
Made some slight adjustments to framing of Incarnon weapons in Cavalero's Evolution screen. 
Updated Praedos transformation Sound with Void FX.
Fixed cases where the Laetum and the Phenmor were not counting headshots for Incarnon Form charge. 
Fixed the Laetum's "Overwhelming Attrition" Evolution perk triggering much less frequently for Clients than for Hosts. 
If any projectile in the multishot group was a critical hit or status effect, the entire thing became invalid and would not get the buff for Clients.
Fixed Clients gaining Incarnon Form charges added and then partially resetting and counting back up in high latency situations. 
Fixed the Laetum's Evolution V ability "Devouring Attrition" not providing its 50% chance of receiving a 2000% damage buff on non-critical hits for Clients. 
Fixed Incarnon weapons using Skins in Incarnon form. From the original known bugs list.
Fixed Laetum Reaper's Plenty Evolution applying to all equipped weapons.
Fixed cases of Evolution perks not working for Clients. 
Fixed the transformation timing on the Phenmor Evolution which cut off the sound FX.
Fixed Incarnon Evolutions UI persisting in the Loadouts screen. 
Fixed the Praedos' Evolution III challenge working on non-Thrax enemies.
*All values below are shown at Rank 5. As always, values that were shown on Devstream #162 were subject to change and that is reflected below as further considerations and testing was done.
The Amp Arcane Adapter fuses with an Amp to unlock an additional Arcane Slot. These can be purchased with Holdfast Standing from Cavalero.
To install the Amp Arcane Adapter and unlock an additional Slot, go to your Operator Equipment > Select the Amp you wish to unlock an additional Slot > Select the 'Locked' slot and hit "ok" to install the Amp Arcane Adapter.
With the addition of several new Amp Arcanes with Angels of the Zariman and Echoes of the Zariman, this new Slot allows you to make the most of your growing Arcane collection!
This new Arcane slot is only visible in the Operator Equipment screen once the Angels of the Zariman quest has been completed since Cavalero must be visited in the Chrysalith to get the Amp Arcane Adapter.
Cavalero has also updated his wares with new Ephemeras that are very inspired by Void Angel and Void Energy designs. Purchase the Blueprints for Standing and craft them to imbue yourself with the ethereal nature of the Void.
NEW: VOID'S SONG SHAWZIN
Kira played her shawzin to uplift the spirits of Zariman crewmembers. Her song and her memory live on in the Void.
This Shawzin has breathy airy tones, and can be purchased for Platinum via the in-game Market!
The Parallax can be purchased via the in-game Market for Platinum or players can craft it by purchasing its Blueprint for Credits and finding its component blueprints via the Reinforced Carrypods located in the Zariman.
The Parallax also has 4 skins available for purchase in the in-game Market! They can each be purchased separately or in the Parallax Landing Craft Collection.
*Players who own the Parallax can equip its Orokin Eye Air Support on their other Landing Crafts.
We have added multidirectional movement to Void Sling!
We made some improvements to the Operator projection positioning tech so that it produces a more accurate result of the final position where the Operator can pass through. This should help alleviate scenarios where the Operator could appear to Void Sling under a door but instead bonked their head. More work will be done to improve in other areas, notably issues with the Operator's lower half colliding with the environment during Void Sling travel (we've got some broken ankles on the court).
Added Operator Stats to the Operator Customization screen.
Updated the Anti-Warframe field (Exolizers in Void Cascade and Kuva Trokarian's Anti-Warframe Grenades) to no longer nullify Warframe abilities on forced Transference. As mentioned in the Hotfix 31.5.10 notes.
Updated the FX on Zenurik's Temporal Drag. 
Changed Temporal Drag and Temporal Shot so that only one damage number pops up when headshotting a slowed enemy. 
The reason behind this change simply is less damage number pop-up spam and consistency with other damage buffs across the game.
Precision headshot damage buffs, for example, buff the damage on headshots but only display the one aggregated damage number per shot.
Before this change, headshotting enemies affected by Temporal Drag would show two damage numbers, one for the base damage and one for the bonus.
Now it will behave exactly like normal precision headshot buffs, only it will be conditional on the target enemy being slowed by the Temporal Drag ability. 
Temporal Shot's bonus headshot damage on targets can now be affected by another player's Temporal Drag. 
Slightly reduced Caustic Strike's opacity FX from enemies that enter the bubble. 
Note on Transference cooldown progress: We mentioned during Devstream #162 that the slight Transference cooldown is not intended. And that continues to be the case
but the changes are not situated well enough yet to release as it involves careful consideration around server tech that we have to be delicate around. Work continues for a future release! 
Fixed Temporal Drag not using chosen Energy colors. 
Fixed certain Operator Hairstyles appearing with black dots while using the Enhanced Graphics Engine. 
Updated Operator Amp animations to be one handed when shooting and aiming. 
Fixed Magnetic Flare lasting 30 seconds across all Ranks instead of scaling with level as intended. 
Fixed Unairu Wisp only being spawned if the target is vulnerable to Caustic Strike. 
The wisp will spawn even if the target cannot have their armor removed by Caustic Strike. 
Fixed being unable to choose the Transfererence option using the 'Next/Previous Power' and 'Use Selected' input bindings (5 on Keyboard or left/right bumpers on controller). 
Fixed being able to clip into walls in certain tilesets using Transference. 
Fixed being able to clip through closed doors in the Dormizone using Transference. 
Fixed bug where getting grabbed by Ropalolyst when in Last Gasp, or entering Last Gasp while in Ropalolyst grab, would cause players to be invulnerable and unable to use Transference.
Fixed being unable to use the Melee button to Transference back into Warframe if the 'Use Abilities on Selection' option is disabled. 
This ultimately fixes being unable to use Naramon's 'Opening Slam' and 'Killer Rush'. 
This also fixes being unable to do Mercy finishers on enemies when triggered as Operator. 
Fixed being unable to swap Focus schools in the Simulacrum as Client.
Fixed rare Crash occurring from using Temporal Drag. 
Fixed an issue where toggling Void mode while your spectral form is traveling would disable knockdown invulnerability and damage reduction. 
Fixed Health not returning to normal amounts after Transference Static wears off. 
Fixed Warframe animations appearing while customizing the Operator.
Fixed issue of Amp customization only affecting Operator appearance.
Fixed Voidshell materials not applying to both versions of the Voidshell suit when customizing in the Arsenal. 
Fixed crash when attempting to copy Operator suit colors to Sirocco. 
Fixed error upon opening the Amp customization screen. 
Fixed the description for the Zariman Sleeves on the Operator outfit. 
Fixed Spoiler character using weapon animations while in the Dormizone.
Fixed the Spoiler character waistband appearing underneath them.
Fixed wonky arm animations while hip firing as Operator. 
Fixed bug where "player was revived" message would show in the HUD when a player with a pet equipped activated Last Gasp. Also fixed "Player is down" message also showing when being forced back to downed Warframe.
Fixed Transferencing in and out of the Operator on the Orbiter removing the player's ability to open the pause menu.
Fixed script error when using Transference while being Switch Teleported by a Kuva Lich.
Modified Overguard ratios to bring Eximus Units Overguard down and slightly increase their Health/Shields to balance out the reduction. 
Reduced Eximus Overguard by 50% and transferred the 50% to their Health pool. 
While this may read as a big increase to the Health pool, it is not a 1-to-1 trade due to the overall pool sizes of Overguard vs Health. Imagine you have a watermelon (Overguard) and half an orange (Health). I take away half a watermelon and I give you half an orange
and together we eat a fruit salad. For clarity: Overguard has a larger pool than Health, so reducing it by half still amounts to less HP across Eximus Units across all HP values. By increasing the amount of Health and Shields an Eximus Unit has, it also increases the window for successful Mercy kills. 
Increased Shield Scaling multiplier by 50%
Nox Eximus Helmets can now be destroyed when Overguard is active. Breaking their helmet will remove Overguard entirely!
Note that Nox Damage resistance has been decreased and armor increased to balance this change. This change applies to both Nox Eximus and base Nox enemies. 
Fixed Overguard counting as Health and taking damage from Viral Status Effect.
Overguard situates itself in a new category of "protection". It differs from Shields, Armor, and Health. That said, Viral Status Effects affecting Overguard was unintentional and has been changed to not only fit the original design for Viral damage, but also Overguard. 
We originally mentioned in the Eximus Reborn Dev Workshop that the only Status Effect that would work on Eximus while Overguard is present is Cold Status Effects (up to 4 stacks!).
Blitz Eximus damage is now more consistent:
Now will only take 1 instance of damage per wave. Previously you could get knocked back into more explosions to take multiple subsequent hits.
Lifesteal now works on damage dealt to Overguard.
Considering Overguard is another health pool for an Eximus/Thrax and that Lifesteal already works on Health and Shields, Overguard is now susceptible to Lifesteal to give players another way to tactically engage with them. The fights with Eximus can be quite challenging, so having another avenue of survivability is always encouraged! 
This change was also made in mind to Lifesteal survivability builds, it would be too difficult to lose all of your survivability when encountering many enemies with Overguard at one time (from either Void Armageddon or an Ancient Healer etc.) 
Additionally, there are some Weapons and abilities that aren't strictly classified as Lifesteal that won't currently work, but will in a future update! This currently affects specific conditions for the:
Hema
Hirudo 
Garuda's Blending Talons augment
Gauss' Kinetic Plating 
Protea's Temporal Anchor 
Zephyr's Target Fixation augment
If there are any other cases where Lifesteal isn't applying from Overguard, please let us know on the Forums and we will take a look!
Eximus units no longer spawn at a higher level than the mission level. 
Eximus spawning at increasingly higher levels felt unnecessary with the introduction of Overguard.
Killed Eximus units now drop a guaranteed Energy Orb and 2 Health Orbs. 
There is a known bug that this currently doesn't apply to the Eximus units found in Onslaught game types
Fixed Arson Eximus blast attacks not hitting through Limbo's Rift.
Fixed Baruuk being unable to damage Eximus units with his Serene Storm waves.
To ease the flow from Quinn to the Chrysalith elevator and vice versa, we have added portals!
Before: You would either have to run back and forth between the two or use a complex combination of Fast Travel menu hopping (Pause > Fast Travel > Quinn > Pause > Fast Travel > Zariman Navigation). This would interrupt gameplay flow when wanting to play back to back Bounties.
Now: A portal will spawn after selecting a Bounty at Quinn, walking into it will take you to the elevator where you can load into the mission. After completing the Bounty, a portal will be available for you to use upon exiting the elevator that will take you right back to Quinn to select your next Bounty.
Three Lohk Surges spawn throughout the tileset for players to find
each with their randomized buff to activate! Upon finding it, the icon will reveal the buff it offers. Whenever you trigger it, it will spawn an Eximus that you have to defeat.
There are 7 possible temporary 45 second buffs that apply to both Warframe and Operator (buffs persist between Transference):
Secondaries have guaranteed red crits.
Any Health Orbs picked up grant 25 max Health for the rest of the mission.
Any Energy Orbs picked up grant 1 Energy per second for the rest of the mission.
1% life leech on all your damage and guaranteed bleed procs. 
No Energy cost on abilities and increase casting speed.
200% extra Affinity gain.
Infinite ammo and 50% fire rate (affects Amps as well!).
There is a 10-minute cooldown for Lohk Surges after activating the buff, but once that's finished you can go back and activate another Lohk Surge.
Lohk Surge challenges have also been added to the Zariman Bounties!
Reduced the Energy drain from Magnetic procs from 50 to 20 per tick. 
This not only applies to Thrax enemies, but to Magnetic damage across the game (laser doors, magnetic water in the Plains of Eidolon, etc.)! A default Magnetic proc used to drain 250 Energy, now it will do 100. 
Overguard resistance/base amount will now show up on Thrax enemies in the Codex.
Adjusted Thrax enemy spawns in Mobile Defense to scale based on the size of the squad:
Solo: 2 Thrax spawns per Console 
2 Player squad: 3 Thrax spawns per Console 
3+ Player squad: 4 Thrax spawns per Console 
For any Tenno not playing in a full squad, we found the Thrax spawns in Mobile Defense were far too difficult to manage either solo or with fewer Tenno. We've since scaled the spawns to compensate!
Fixed an issue with the Thrax Legatus' beam damage tick rate being doubled. 
If you were standing in its beam attack, the damage you receive would be astronomical, even at lower levels (Level 10 Legatus enemies could down a full health Valkyr in one beam attack). What was happening is that the Legatus would be dealing multiple instances of damage instead of constant single tick. This has now been resolved, so there should be no one hit wonders.
Fixed Thrax Legatus enemies being able to inflict Magnetic Status procs on Warframes with a Rank 5 Arcane Nullifier equipped (102% chance to resist Magnetic Status Effects entirely).
Voidplumes can now be earned from Archimedean Yonta by trading in resources found throughout the Zariman! Voidplumes rotate every 8 hours, a Time Left to Trade timer is available to indicate the next upcoming rotation.
Added individual extraction to endless Zariman missions (Void Cascade, Void Flood, and Void Armageddon).
In order to solo extract from endless Zariman missions, simply head to the elevator and hold to extract at the panel. Traditionally, in other endless missions you could solo extract by waiting out the timer at the extraction point, but doing that here will only extract once all team members have joined you in the elevator. We may explore this option for Zariman missions, but for now manual solo extraction is available! 
Added a 5th Tier Bounty category to the Zariman Bounties! 
This also means that all Mission types will be available at one time via Bounties in the Chrysalith. 
The Hespar and Aeolak Blueprints have also been split into separate Bounties, meaning these two rare rewards are now housed in their own independent Bounty table, instead of having both of them in one. 
The Voidplume Quill amount for completing Bounty challenges has been increased by 1 for all Tier 3 and higher Bounties. 
Voidplume pickups will now count towards the Syndicate Medallion Riven challenge. 
Kuva Trokarian enemies are receiving some changes to make them feel like more of a threat when they appear in-mission. 
Similar to their Thrax compatriots, these foes are intended to add an extra level of difficulty to the player's gameplay loop, so these tweaks are made with that goal in mind.
Added Overguard to the Kuva Trokarian (but at a lesser value than the Eximus Overguard)
Increased their Void Damage slightly. 
Increased Armor from 250 to 300. 
Increased base Health from 450 to 500. 
Increased Affinity earned from killing a Kuva Trokarian from 500 to 750. 
Added input callouts for the fast select turret options in Void Armageddon missions.
Added Chrysalith and Orbiter options when attempting to leave Zariman missions from the pause menu. 
Added Chrysalith and Orbiter options when attempting to leave the Dormizone from the pause menu. 
The Mission Select screen accessed in the Chrysalith will now mark which missions you have not completed as "Unexplored". 
Made several minor changes to the audio volume in the Void Armageddon (Oro Works) mission. 
Updated the audio for the Exodampers in Void Armageddon. 
Updated the Seesaw physics in the Zariman for all of our Seesaw purists out there.
Fixed an issue where doors in the Zariman would not render, making it impossible to progress through the mission. From the original known bugs list. 
Fixed glass material flickering if there is active VFX behind it (notably with the yellow Exolizer bubble in Void Cascade missions). 
Fixed a small issue with the Armament turrets ambient VFX in Void Armageddon missions. 
Fixed certain Warframes (notably while using Yareli's Merulina and Sevagoth's Exalted Shadow) losing functionality and getting stuck in t-pose after entering the Void Cascade Exolizer anti-Warframe bubbles. 
Fixed a missing water teleport volume in the Zariman Exterminate mission. 
Fixed being able to escape Void Angel ground spikes by transferring back to Warframe immediately after being impaled as Client. 
This also fixes remaining in the impaled pose animation wherever transference occurred. 
Fixed pause menu lingering on-screen if a player is impaled by a Void Angel with it open. 
Fixed a black panel with invisible collision in the Zariman tileset. 
Fixed a crash related to Host migration while loading in through the Chrysalith elevator. 
Fixed Zariman Bounties not being listed in the Codex as a drop source for Relics. 
Fixed players being unable to matchmake to Steel Path Zariman nodes while in the Chrysalith mission select screen. As previously mentioned in the Hotfix 31.5.9 patch notes.
Fixed issues being caused by Vacuum picking up Argozene when the squad is already at maximum carry amount in Void Armageddon missions. 
Fixed Clients crashing when attempting to load into an active Bounty stage if the Host aborted the mission after that stage or started a new Bounty. 
Fixed Void Angel's ground spikes sometimes overshooting the target when they're moving slow.
Fixed Void Angels becoming invisible for Clients while going into their down state while also teleporting. 
Fixed Void Angels teleporting into the ground.
Fixed Void Angels not appearing in their downed state to players who join in-progress missions. 
Fixed unintentended tentacle-like VFX when deploying the armaments in Void Armageddon missions. 
Fixed an issue with display distance calculations being inconsistent for Melica Cache minimap markers. 
Fixed Clients being unable to see progress UI on turrets or crates in Void Armageddon.
Fixed black screen experienced when fast traveling to the Zariman navigation in the Chrysalith and immediately trying to load into an Exterminate mission. 
Fixed Voidplumes not being grouped together in the End of Mission screen. 
Fixed Zariman Bounty challenges resetting on fail after they've already been completed. 
Fixed script error when attempting to /join a squad in a Zariman mission.
Fixed waypoint showing up for Clients to get to the Chrysalith elevator after selecting a Bounty. 
Fixed the Grustrag Three breaking extraction in the elevator if they invade during Zariman missions. 
Fixed certain loot markers in the Zariman not updating their position when you're in minimap range of the destination, which was causing confusion as the markers would suddenly appear behind you. 
Fixed being able to remove the Zariman Bounty objective mid-mission and still receive the Bounty completion reward regardless. 
Fixed being unable to load into a Bounty using the Chrysalith elevator after aborting a mission using the panel in the elevator. 
Fixed more issues related to the Void Angels impale ability across Hosts and Clients in a squad.
Fixed the Void Angel Bounty challenge remaining incomplete after completing successfully. 
Fixed Zariman Bounties with objective timers resetting after the Host leaves and causing a Host migration. 
Fixed Vitoplast VFX expanding outside of the Drone after Host migration in Void Flood mission. 
Fixed Vitoplast VFX flashing for Clients after Host migrates in Void Flood mission. 
Fixed migrating immediately upon the first rupture causing the second rupture to appear prematurely in Void Flood missions. 
Fixed Skittergirl's pathing being broken while traversing over very obvious jumpable bridges in the Zariman. 
Fixed being able to leave the Zarium Accolade in the Elevator, allowing you to take it with you back to the Chrysalith.
Fixed Zariman Bounty description using plural text when only singular was needed.
Fixed issue of Turret lifespan UI flashing briefly for Clients in Void Armageddon. 
Fixed repeat back-to-back Zariman Exterminate missions sometimes having the incorrect kill count and auto completing.
You can now fast travel in Open Landscapes (Plains of Eidolon, Orb Vallis, and Cambion Drift) using Blinkpads! Blinkpads can also be interacted with while in Archwing, but upon arrival you will be returned to foot so that you can choose your next mode of transportation.
Players can teleport to other Blinkpads by interacting with ones they come across within the Landscape, or by selecting the Blinkpad they wish to travel to from their Advanced Map (accessed by holding their bound Show Level Map key).
We've adjusted the values of older Arcanes with the goal of making lower rank Arcanes more viable, and more desirable while collecting as a result. In short, there are three stats that each Arcane tends to have (speaking generally) -
for example, a percentage chance, a stat buff, and the duration of the buff.
Certain Arcanes increase all of these stats per rank (making them scale exponentially), but we are changing it so that only one stat is affected by rank (making it scale linearly). The other stats will now be at the max-rank value regardless of the Arcane Rank, thereby buffing lower-rank Arcanes as a result.
For example, using Arcane Fury.
Previous: 
The unranked values were as follows: "On Critical Hit: 10% chance for +30% Melee Damage to Melee Weapons for 3s"
The max rank values were as follows: "On Critical Hit: 60% chance for +180% Melee Damage to Melee Weapons for 18s"
New: 
With these changes, the unranked values are as follows: "On Critical Hit: 60% chance for +30% Melee Damage to Melee Weapons for 18s"
With these changes, the max rank values remain the same as before: "On Critical Hit: 60% chance for +180% Melee Damage to Melee Weapons for 18s"
*Arcane Barrier is the one true exception to the Arcane changes below, since it has two scaling stats, but one of those stats actually becomes worse with rank. Rank 3-4 for example increases the cooldown from 4s to 5s. So if we were to change it to have constant cooldown like the others, we would be increasing the cooldown duration for the lower ranks
which is something we want to avoid! Any other possible changes might have to alter how the Arcane works overall, so we ultimately decided to leave it untouched.
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Headshot: +10%/60% Parkour Velocity for 18s"
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Headshot: +50%/300% damage for 18s on Secondary Weapon"
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Finisher Kill: +200/1200 Armor for 45s"
We have also made the following changes to Emergence Dissipate: 
Void Motes are no longer affected by 'vortex' abilities like Void Snare. 
Added a 1.5 second delay between generating Void Mote from the same enemy. 
Emergence Dissipate was conceptualized as a weaker alternative to Zenurik's energy gain, but ended up being even stronger than the Energy-focused school in certain cases, going against the Focus rework goals of each school having a unique niche.
The above changes also seek to maintain the original goals we had with Void Sling; to encourage a more controlled behavior instead of a spam-centric loop.
The slight cooldown motivates more mindful gameplay, but with the benefit of the stat buffs it has received for lower levels.
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "WHILE IN VOID SLING: Press [fire input] to dissipate the endpoint in a 10m radius. Enemies hit create a short lived Void Mote that replenishes 5/10 energy on pick up.
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Void Sling: +15%/90% Sprint Speed for 12s"
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Void Sling: Heal 5%/30% Health"
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Headshot Kill: +7.5%/30% Ability Efficiency and +7.5%/30% Ability Strength on the next Ability used within 4s"
Now that the chance is guaranteed, the new description is "On Headshot Kill: 1/4 projectiles burst from the enemy and seek the heads of nearby enemies."
*As a bonus for the four Residual Arcanes above, we've added some extra improvements
all four have had their buff radius increased to 9m, and each now has a 20% chance to proc their status type on all damage instances!
We have made the following changes to lighting to improve how it interacts with details in open landscapes!
Separated sky lighting from the rest in lightmaps, resulting in improved lighting quality because samples coming from opposite directions will no longer cancel each other out.
Lighting at night will now pop much more! Prior to this change, everything would be tinted in dark blue. Now, each lighting source will have much more vibrance in contrast to the dark backdrop of night. 
Lighting during the day will now have a lot more textural details especially when viewing things at distance. Prior to this change, details would tend to get lost at a distance and resemble more clay-like, without any grit or grain to it. 
Added sun bounce to the enhanced graphics engine. 
Enhanced graphics engine also offers more detail at a distance.
You may also notice in the above image that we have also made foliage blend improvements.
Scorpions, Ancients, and Tusk Predators have had their grappling hook mechanic reworked! An age-old enemy mechanic from the early beginnings of Warframe, they've been grappling Tenno left and right for years
it's time to break free! Since its introduction, the grappling hook attack has consistently knocked players down or dragged them around, providing no opening for combative counterplay.
NOW Scorpion, Ancient, and Tusk Predator grappling hooks will tether to you, followed by a slight delay (1 second) before they attempt to slowly pull you in. Tenno who are agile enough can now Melee attack in the direction of the rope to destroy it and stagger the enemy. Additionally, Bullet Jumping or dodging during the pulling animation can cause a stagger to the enemy.
*Isolator Bursas have not received the cut mechanic since the mechanic works a bit differently for these enemies.
Dog Days Night Scene
Dog Days Kavat Glyph
Dog Days Kubrow Glyph
Fishy Ephemera
The event also features a new day and night cycle so you can test your soaking skills in the dark. Read up more about this tactical alert here:
Updated the context action UI! 
Added a search bar to the Options menus! 
"New" tag in the in-game Market will no longer show for items you already own. 
Updated several in-game Market bundle images. 
Updated various Customization screens:
Railjack Customization
Landing Craft selection 
Orbiter Interior customization 
Spoiler character customization 
Added darkening layer over in-game Market dioramas while scrolling through items so that the images are more prominent. 
Added FX backdrop to equipped Arcanes in the Operator Equipment screen.
Changed color on Amp Arcanes to all use the same green. 
When hovering over a bundle, the content icons will now rotate.
Updated Polish language Character support to display in the Star Chart properly.
Made adjustments to Polish character text alignment to prevent cluttering.
Updated the Tenno Guide icon texture. 
Added option to sort Friends list by most days spent Offline.
Updated Arcane icons back to being square.
Increased the size of the Syndicate screen in the Orbiter to accommodate larger text. 
Invulnerability icons on boss health bars will now only appear on health segments that have not been depleted. 
Before: All segments got the icon no matter what.
Now: Only segments that still have health get the icon.
Added a fade-in FX for current Requiem Mod combination and history in the Kuva Lich/Sister of Parvos screen in the Codex. 
Added some UI flair to the Clan management screen:
On-hover icon enlargement to buttons.
Clan Rank icon has had some outer glow added to it. 
Message of the Day graphic now has a fancy shimmer shader.
Made systemic optimizations to memory footprint (approximately 40MB of RAM saved in the Orb Vallis). 
Reduced memory consumption in DirectX 12 mode which helps towards fixing crashes on low-spec systems. As reported here:
Made micro-optimizations to facial animation performance.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to loading and streaming performance. 
Made several Orb Vallis collision optimizations (saving around ~10MB). 
Made micro-optimizations to game start up. 
Made a small optimization to DX12.
Made several memory, foliage, and lighting optimizations in the Plains of Eidolon, Orb Vallis, and Cambion Drift. 
Made micro-optimization to the base game code.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to loading and streaming performance. 
Made micro-optimizations to the network code. 
Made a micro-optimization to Towns, Relays and Dojos.
Optimized collision meshes in the Orb Vallis (down to 34mb from 79mb originally). 
Optimized the Orokin Storage Container FX. 
Optimized environment rendering on DX12, improving rendering time for shadows by roughly 50%.
Optimized memory footprint of the game for all platforms. 
Optimized various animated icons to flip between images rather than animate for significant performance savings. 
Optimized various animated textures. 
Improved texture performance during Landing Craft mission intro cinematic. 
Made improvements to End of Mission rewards that increases accuracy and memory usage.
Reduced memory consumption in DirectX 12 mode which should stop the game crashing on low-spec systems.
Improved the performance of the screens on the Barrels in the Gas City Tileset.
Fixed DX12 Crash related to Nezha's Divine Spears. 
Fixed an FX leak if killed during Equinox Prime's Metamorphosis. 
Fixed significant loading times after the end of Teshin's mission in The New War. 
Fixed a hitch that could occur when a Kavat is in the player's loadout and they enter the Dormizone or Orbiter Captura scene. 
Fixed spot-loading issues when selecting a bundle in the in-game Market.
Made the following changes to the Grendel Locator missions:
Lowered the Enemy level in the Grendel Locator Missions from 40-45 to 25-30. 
This change was made thanks to Community feedback on the difficulty of the Eximus units in the Grendel missions after their rework, but it was also decided to lower the enemy levels overall as these missions were deemed too difficult. 
Reduced the length of the Grendel Chassis Locator Defense mission from 15 waves to 10 waves. As reported here:
The changes to Eximus units in the Angels of the Zariman update made this particular mission much longer compared to the rest because you are required to clear all the Eximus at the end of every wave. Even with the changes we've made to Overguard in this update, we have reduced the waves to compensate for the added difficulty/time we found Eximus units continued to bring to the mission. 
Syndicate Death Squads will no longer spawn in the Grendel Locator missions. 
Garuda's Dread Mirror now blocks all radial damage in front of it and grants stagger/knockdown immunity. 
Changed the reticle of several weapons with a charge mechanic to no longer use energy colors for their charge indicators.
While it's desirable to have the reticle of these weapons take on the energy color, it sacrifices too much clarity for the weapon charge indicator.
This applies to: 
Laetum transmutation gauge 
Phenmor transmutation gauge
Morgha charge reticle
Cortege charge reticle
Sepulcrum charge reticle
Trumna charge reticle
Mausolon charge reticle
Updated the description of Magus Nourish to indicate that it heals a set amount, and does not apply healing over time. 
This is always how the Arcane has functioned, we are simply updating the description.
Terminal Velocity is now compatible with the Aeolak. 
Added abilities videos to the Necramech abilities screen. 
Added new 'Premium Bundles' and 'Supporter Packs' categories to the in-game Market.
The 'Premium Bundles' category includes Prime Access and Prime Vault packs. 
Future community driven in-game Alerts will now be called a "Tenno United Alert" to indicate that they are the result of community efforts! 
These can be Alerts unlocked from charity events, ARGs, etc. 
Clan Recruitment Changes:
Increased the ad duration timer from 8 hours to 12 hours.
Added the ability to report an applicant's message if needed.
Added the ability for Advertisers to accept or reject requests.
Added the ability to sort the Pending Tab of the Clan Menu so that it is easier to see all applicants together.
Fixed an issue where Rank 7 and 8 Clans could not accept requests.
Fixed case where Clan Ads could be posted without consuming the required resources. 
A "Thank You" inbox message will now be sent upon making purchases from the in-game Market. 
Updated the Oull Requiem Mod icon to an animated icon that displays all possible Requiem Mods.
The Oull Requiem Mod was replaced by an animated version to make its functionality more clear.
Disabled Archwing Blink during the detection beams stage in the War Within quest. 
Blink was removing the difficulty and purpose of that mission which requires you to use the cover of the ship to pass through the beams undetected. 
Minor character collision improvements (when colliding with high obstacles). 
Replaced item of significance at the end of the Angels of the Zariman Quest in the Chrysalith. 
Polished some of Gyre's idle animations. 
Updated Lephantis' taunt sounds in the Star Chart. 
Made tweaks to in-game Market dioramas to keep items from clipping through the floors.
Adjusted the camera in an effort to make items more viewable in the in-game Market. 
Display and Articula Orbiter decorations are now chat-linkable!
Made improvements to the look of cloth collision. 
Chat linked Rivens now support showing more than 1024 rerolls. 
Upon throwing a Thermia Canister, you will now switch back to your Primary weapon if that's what you were using upon pick-up. 
This applies to the Mastery Rank 28 test as well as the Profit-Taker Orb fight
Made improvements to the dialogue animations of Relay NPC's.
Made improvements to the appearance of the Voidshell Helmet.
Added more blinks and more active eye tracking to Cavalero's idle animations.
Updated the textures of all Chrysalith NPC's.
Made slight adjustments to Motion Blur FX.
Made improvements to the tintmask of the Chrysalith NPC's.
Made slight improvements to the look of all foliage in all open world zones.
Updated the appearance of Hombasks' neck and hands.
Updated the muzzle flash position on the Komorex. 
Updated the Kavat and Kubrow Market preview dioramas. 
Added more animations to VERD-IE. 
Updated the material shaders on Rocks. 
Improved pet behavior when loading into the Dormizone via elevator from Chrysalith, and while roaming around.
Updated lighting in the post-New War Orb Vallis. 
Updated the FX on Oberon's Hallowed Reckoning to be more visible. 
Made minor adjustments to Cephalon Suda's appearance at the end of Octavia's Anthem Quest. 
Changed all category names in the Inventory to be plural (Warframes, Prime Parts, etc.). 
Made some slight updates to the Rifle idle animations. 
Slightly increased the Shield recharge delay on most Corpus and Narmer enemy types. 
Cleaned up some generic explosion FX used throughout the game. 
Improved the spawning of Corpus Units in the Orb Vallis areas that had issues, such as the Temple of Profit. 
Slightly increased the Sound FX volume of the Sirocco amp.

### Fixes
We encourage you to continue to use the spoiler-safe Angels of the Zariman sub-forum to discuss lore heavy topics.
The following weapons, Arcanes, and special items have been added to Cavalero's Offerings in the Chrysalith!
Cavalero has dug up two new Incarnon weapons previously used for ceremonial purposes.
The Felarx invokes ancient times when aristocrats hunted game. For ceremonies, Orokin elites bred creatures reminiscent of game birds of old to reanimate cultural myths. The Orokin gave the Zariman crew Felarx and a brace of birds as a sign of acceptance into elite society. The brace of birds becomes a pair of powerful pistols at the hands of the Void.
In the early Orokin Empire, elites wore Innodem as a symbolic reminder to defend the defenseless. The tradition fell out of style, but nostalgic elites acknowledged the sentiment in the form of a gift. The Void amplifies that ideal. Void energy strengthens Innodem gliding aerial attacks and the wielder is increasingly resilient as they perform finisher attacks in Incarnon Form.
Fixed Dormizone Vista Suite lighting issues. As reported here:
Fixed custom Dormizone decorations not showing up in the Dormizone Captura scene.
Fixed the Sirocco Amp Skin overriding the sound FX of the Amp it's equipped to. 
Fixed crash that would occur when aborting a Railjack mission. 
Fixed rare crashes that could occur if a user interface screen was closed and unloaded before it could finish rendering. 
Fixed Evolution inbox messages for the Vasero Apex Sekhara being sent three times. 
Fixed being able to stack the effects of certain mods (notably the Galvanized set) when equipped on Exalted weapons that are cast multiple times back to back as Client. 
Fixed the Corvas' reload sound FX spamming.
Fixed a spoiler character appearing in the final scenes of the War Within and The Sacrifice, causing issues in the cinematics. 
Fixed the intended heavy attack wind up time not applying to Gunblades when spammed. 
This also fixes melee charges (from any melee weapon) being ignored when spammed. 
Fixed the Boomie Glaive Skin and the Proto Glaive Skin causing the Glaive it is equipped on to shrink when its colors are adjusted. 
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed Wukong's Celestial Twin having the original player loadout instead of just the Paracesis in the final stages of The New War quest. 
Fixed frame rate dependent camera shake during the final stage of The New War quest. 
Fixed getting your Railjack stuck inside the Corpus Ship after evading the Tempestarii in the Call of the Tempestarii quest and attempting to enter a blackhole portal on the map. 
Fixed difficulty passing the stage in The War Within mountain pass after the Maw due to Void Blast's removal. 
We have added a platform for the player to land on after Void Slinging across. 
Fixed drop sources for non-refined Relics not appearing when previewed in the Inventory menu. 
Fixed the Ordis Sentinel Skin having no idle animation when equipped on Dethcube or Dethcube Prime. 
Fixed the Kerulyst Sentinel Skin missing its head bobbing animations.
Fixed custom emissive colors on the VERD-IE Sentinel skin not applying. 
Fixed a long-standing bug that could result in random crashes. 
Fixed map hole in one of the Grineer Forest caves. 
Fixed Nidus' Virulence not always creating a trail for Host if stomping down on forced Transference bubbles from above (such as in Void Cascade).
Fixed a bunch of camera popping issues that were causing errors. 
Fixed several icon issues:
Fixed the Arcane icons being improperly sized when equipped. 
Fixed the Javlok Capacitor icon appearing squashed when linking in chat.
Fixed the Exilus Weapon Adapter icon appearing squashed. 
Fixed Weapon and Mod buffs having unlimited duration when exiting Archwing as Client.
Fixed being able to equip multiple Arcanes on Kitguns through chat-link. 
Fixed exploding barrels triggering weapon Arcanes. 
Fixed NPC animations not lasting as long as the dialogue is spoken. 
Fixed an issue with Titania's Razorwing where the Razorflies would not appear to spawn.
Fixed Dormizone Warframe display loadout not updating when changed while visiting as Client.
Fixed issue where Client could see Host with duplicate Operator and Warframe after entering Dormizone from Chrysalith.
Fixed a map hole in one of the Deimos tileset.
Fixed Tram door in Deimos not visually opening for client. 
Fixed reloading animation on the Rubico Prime when using the Rubico Verv skin.
Fixed the rending of Trees in the background of the Spoiler Camp in The New War Quest during 'The Aftermath.' 
Fixed logo on Quinn's buckle in the Chrysalith. 
Fixed issues with camera location and Companions while customizing Companions in the Dormizone.
Fixed issues with enemy FX shortly after using Loki's Switch Teleport. 
Fixed case of an Excavator not visually touching the ground on Mars. 
Fixed map hole in The War Within that was made accessible with Void Sling during the mission Return to the Mountain Pass: Earth. 
Fixed Glacia Syandana not fitting well on Yareli. 
Fixed Atlas Rubble not being created if you've replaced Petrify with a Helminth ability. 
Fixed Atlas' Path of Statues Augment not working if you've replaced Petrify with a Helminth ability. 
Fixed Atlas' Ore Gaze Augment always applying at 20% even if you don't have the Mod equipped. 
Fixed rare crash that would occur when exiting after making a purchase from Hombask.
Fixed Protea's Grenade Fan and Shield Satellites appearing massive when using Archwing.
Fixed missing hand textures for Quinn. 
Fixed Amp color customization affecting all loadout slots. 
Fixed Orphix Resonators spawning in hidden rooms on the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed slightly floating benches in the Zariman School interior. 
Fixed Ion Shoulder armor blocking the players view while aiming down the sights with Chroma Prime.
Fixed Sevagoth's Gloom FX being applied to dead Amalgam Spectralysts. 
Fixed rare Crash related to duplicating a Decoration. 
Fixed multi-shot spawning the wrong number of projectiles in some cases.
Fixed being unable to chat link the following:
Ayatan Hemakara Sculpture
Shawzin
Luxxum Ornaments
Atlas Prime Noggle 
Gara Prime Noggle 
Nidus Prime Noggle 
Octavia Prime Noggle 
Landing Craft skins
Fixed the Aeolak, Kuva Hek, and Euphona Prime not playing the proper reload animation when the last shot in the magazine is from its alt fire. 
Fixed equipped Shedu disappearing when wall latching. As reported here:
Fixed Clients only being able to do one trick on the K-Drive no matter which trick prompt they use. No more one trick ponies! 
Fixed Rhino's Iron Skin VFX not applying properly to all (except the Palatine) Rhino Skins. 
Fixed motion blur issues on Rhino's Iron Skin.
Fixed Nyx being able to Mind Control stationary turrets in the Plains of Eidolon and the Orb Vallis, causing them to teleport to her when she gets far enough away. 
Fixed the Vox Solaris Mask positioning issues on a spoiler character. 
Fixed the Kestrel's boomerang sound not stopping if using a Warframe ability during melee attacks. 
Fixed Helminth's Nourish ability being unable to be cast by Lavos and Hildryn (since they do not use Energy). 
Lavos will now have a cooldown and Hildryn's Shields will be consumed in its place so that the ability can be cast. 
Fixed script error related to Harrow's Penance.
Fixed TennoGen icon in the in-game Market having a misaligned black square behind it. 
Fixed the friend list reporting that players who are in the Necralisk are in the Chrysalith. 
This also fixes being unable to join a squad in the Necralisk if you haven't completed the Angels of the Zariman quest. It will now properly block the node until the Heart of Deimos quest has been completed. 
Fixed the Golden Maws in the War Within quest not detecting Operator in most of the area they are traversing. 
Fixed script error with Moa attacks. 
Fixed camera positioning when hovering over Operator Arcanes.
Fixed crash while loading into Plains of Eidolon from Orbiter as Client. 
Fixed Vistagraph not updating when attempting to change in the Dormizone's Vistagraph. 
Fixed text overlapping in the weapon description Arsenal UI for Kuva and Tenet weapons. 
Fixed Daily Standing Limit text in the Holdfasts UI overlapping in different languages.
Fixed minimap disappearing for Clients after Host migration. 
Fixed some slight blockiness that was occurring on the Titanium Sheen and Oxium Gloss Voidshell Materials.
Fixed the Rubble Heap Augment mod not granting free casts of Atlas' Landslide if Inner Might was equipped. 
Fixed being able to open the page to purchase Platinum by clicking Platinum amount mid-mission. Players will still be able to open the purchase Platinum page by clicking the icon while in the Orbiter. 
Fixed description for the Gokstad Pilot Codex entry. 
Fixed Nyx's Psychic Bolts not removing enemy defenses or stunning them if the Pacifying Bolts Augment mod is equipped. 
Fixed some Corpus ships in the Codex not having the 'Elite' classification. 
Fixed Crash related to Ash Specters using Bladestorm, it will now be more friendly to Clients. 
Fixed a script error when customizing Yareli in the Arsenal. 
Fixed players being able to purchase the Dormizone's Vista Suite Key multiple times.
If you have accidentally purchased the Dormizone Vista Suite Key multiple times, please contact Warframe Support and they will help rectify your standing. 
Fixed script error when being detected by lasers in The War Within. 
Fixed Aeolak's Riven disposition being 1.25 instead of 0.5. 
For more information on how we treat Riven dispositions for new weapons, read our Riven Disposition Guidelines.
Fixed Ash's Bladestorm clones spawning as headless ghosts in T-pose. 
Fixed tabs in the Foundry being hard to read against the bright backdrop of the Foundry itself. 
Fixed missing backers for sub-categories in the in-game Market. 
Fixed the description for The New War Firepower Pack overlapping with other UI elements. 
Fixed crash when attempting to load back into a Railjack mission. 
Fixed crash related to the Ignis' fire tracing. 
Fixed right input icon to tab through categories in the Inventory screen overlapping when using a controller. 
Fixed a completely unlit door in the Orokin Moon tileset. 
Fixed entering the cutscene at the end of the Second Dream while on Yareli's Merulina causing no collision, amongst many other issues.
Fixed script error when using the Railjack Archwing Slingshot. 
Fixed some root motion issues with Saryn and Nova's speargun animations. 
Fixed Client crashing when Host attempts to enter a Crewship in Railack missions. 
Fixed the "Swatter" (Kill 3 Drones or Ospreys with your Melee Weapon) Nightwave Act not counting other Drones/Ospreys that aren't Corpus.
Fixed the "Press to view profile" text no longer appearing when hovering over players. 
Fixed being unable to progress past the turret segment in the For My Brothers stage of The New War quest due to no Sentients spawning.
Fixed controller losing function after using d-pad to scroll to the bottom of the Options page.
Fixed Oro collection in the Conclave Annihilation sessions not counting towards score. 
Fixed crash related to the Mercy kills on Deacon enemies in The New War quest. 
Fixed Client becoming invincible after being downed once with Emergence Savior equipped. 
Also fixes Emergence Savior not triggering at all. 
Fixed the Emoji color selector displaying two of the same teal color options in a row.
This also fixes selecting the second teal option appearing pink in chat. 
Fixed the number counts for kills and deaths in Rathuum arena missions drifting to the left each time a name leaves and enters the screen.
Fixed crash related to the Oxium Ospreys self-destruct. 
Fixed script error when transitioning between the Chrysalith and the Dormizone. 
Fixed Captura options menu not appearing in screenshots even with the "UI in Screenshots" option enabled. 
Fixed Lavos' Transmutation Probe not consistently working on ammo drops in open landscapes. As reported here:
Fixed Shadow Stalker's Health/Shields overlay UI replacing the active bosses UI (e.g. Jackal). 
Fixed FX issue of Zephyr's Tornado lingering on screen if it's being observed when the duration ends. 
Fixed case of Hildryn's Helminth abilities costing less Shields if Inner Might was equipped.
Fixed case of Ved Xol getting stuck while trying to melee with his Prova in the Index. 
Fixed script error related to Last Gasp.
Fixed Launcher not being able to display several Cyrillic characters.
Fixed Maroo's Ayatan Hunt mission not being referenced in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed Gara's Mass Vitrify not appearing transparent when surrounding the Defense cryopod on Sedna. As reported here:
Fixed Legendary blessings and Baro transmissions on Relay screens not appearing properly. 
Fixed script error when falling out of bounds in The War Within quest. 
Fixed a spot where Coildrives could spawn and get stuck, causing troubles with reinforcement flow on Orb Vallis in the vicinity of the Fortuna gate.
Fixed white explosion particles in the Grineer ship's FX in Archwing missions. 
Fixed bug where hopping on K-Drive with Nyx Absorb active causing her to be ragdolled off.
Fixed the Akarius explosion FX defaulting to its original blue color when not Hosting. As reported here:
Fixed issue where spawns in Open Landscape missions could get locked up when playing solo on certain mission (eg. Drone Defense on PoE). 
Fixed incorrect description showing for the Deadzone option in Controller options. 
Was: [PH] Legacy Aim Deadzone Tooltip]
Now: Switch to Warframe's original analog stick deadzone mapping.
Fixed invisible wall in the Gas City tileset preventing bullets from traversing through it.

## Zephyr & Chroma Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.5.10 + 31.5.10.1
**Date:** 2022-05-17T17:31:55Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Zephyr & Chroma Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.5.9
**Date:** 2022-05-12T20:54:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This is one of a small handful of hotfixes we plan to release before the next update
which you can learn more about in our latest "Next Update Post-Angels of the Zariman" announcement!
### Changes
Zephyr & Chroma Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.5.9:
Added the Steel Path mission toggle to the Zariman Navigation located in the Chrysalith. 
In premade squads, the Steel Path toggle is determined by the Host (even if Clients do not have it toggled on, joining a Host who does will default everyone to Steel Path). 
Known issue: You are only able to publicly matchmake with Steel Path Tenno from the same location. In other words, Steel Path matchmaking from the Chrysalith will only match you with other Tenno who are looking for a Steel Path squad from the Chrysalith (same with Steel Path matchmaking from Orbiter Navigation). 
Fixed a rare case of being unable to progress in Void Flood missions after killing a Thrax enemy with Void Sling, causing the Thrax to go into an invincible state. 
Fixed Zariman Exterminate mission sometimes spawning all the enemies while players are at the beginning of the level. Players now need to progress through the level as normal. 
More fixes towards a crash when Client returns to the Chrysalith when awakening/spawning a Void Manifestation. 
Fixed script error related to Void Ruptures in Void Flood missions. 
Fixed an unusable context action appearing on the Exolizers in Void Cascade missions. 
Fixed broken enemy behavior when Thrax enemies are disarmed by abilities, which also led them to run around with just a Sheev (fear the butter knife). 
They will now take damage (and be knocked down if Overguard is depleted) when disarmed.
Added new custom sound FX to activating Focus Schools in the Focus UI. 
Added a custom TennoGen watermark to background when viewing TennoGen items in the in-game Market.

### Fixes
Fixed Guardian Shell intercepting some player attacks, instead of solely intercepting enemy attacks as intended. 
For example, using weapons like Ferrox or Mausolon was impacting the shield and causing detonation visuals and sometimes staggering or knocking you down. 
This also fixes heat trace weapons (eg. Ignis, Klamora Prism Amp, etc.) and beam weapons being visually reflected by Guardian Shell. 
Fixed a Sentinel equipped with the Ordis Sentinel Skin appearing too low when viewed in the Arsenal or in-game Market diorama. 
Fixed a Sentinel equipped with the Ordis Sentinel Skin following the player extremely closely. Level 500 clinger. 
Fixed mission information missing "Zariman" in the brackets during the Angels of the Zariman quest missions. 
Fixed the Incarnon Weapon Evolution UI elements persisting in the Loadout screen. 
Fixed being unable to perform a Parazon Finisher on Crawlers even with the icon appearing. 
Fixed Yareli being immune to some enemy AOE weapon attacks while she's riding her Merulina.
Fixed being unable to scroll while editing Stencils in the Customize Quarters console while using a controller. 
Fixed the "HOLD TO CLEAR" label UI overlapping with the first line of the selection box in the Foundry. 
Fixed kills by Gyre's abilities not being accounted for in player profile stats. 
Fixed the Dormizone icon appearing as the incomplete mission (glowing blue diamond) instead of its own custom icon. 
Fixed Fulmin's projectile explosion FX offset. 
Fixed a crazy muzzle flash FX on the Laetum. 
Fixed 'Mercy Kills' being written as just 'Mercy' in various descriptions. 
Fixed script error related to pop-ups for item information (drop sources, etc.)

## Zephyr & Chroma Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.5.8
**Date:** 2022-05-11T18:00:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.7
**Date:** 2022-05-06T18:40:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.6
**Date:** 2022-05-04T20:56:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Angels Of The Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.6:
Extraction is no longer forced after completing all Bounty objectives in Void Flood missions, the mission can continue indefinitely if players decide to stay. 
Improved the spawning consistency of large Vitoplast orbs in relation to their distance from Void Ruptures. 
Updated Armaments UI to use seconds instead of percentage in Void Armageddon missions. 
Added more tutorial messages in the Angels of the Zariman quest Void Flood mission in regards to the Corruption level:
"Closing ruptures lowers the corruption meter." 
"Keep the corruption meter low to avoid negative void complications." 
Fixed infinite loading screen when entering the Zariman elevator as Operator during Zariman Bounty. 
This resulted in having to abort the mission in order to escape the confines of the Elevator. 
Fixed Void Flood missions missing UI pop ups to indicate a reward has been given. 
Fixed Void Manifestation HUD not showing to players who join a fight in progress. 
Fixed the 'Minimize Void Contamination' Bounty for Cascade (Use 4 Exolizers while keeping the corruption bar from going above 50%) failing instantly upon mission start on older PCs.
Added a scaling spawn cap to Eximus units in Endless mission types (this includes Survival, Void Flood, Void Armageddon, Void Cascade, Disruption, Zealoid Prelate, The Deadlock Protocol quest, and Rising Tide quest).
Previously, spawn scaling was uncapped. Now it scales by squad size to take into account solo players vs. squads. In other words, Eximus have the same % to spawn for each enemy, but once you hit the simultaneous Eximus cap no more will spawn until they are killed. Here is the breakdown for scaling spawn cap based on squad #s: 
Solo player = No more than 2 Eximus at a time (this is consistent with non-endless mission caps)
2 player squad = 2 Eximus max at a time 
3 player squad = 3 Eximus max at a time
4 player squad = 4 Eximus max at a time

Changed the final Angels of the Zariman quest objective description.
Made several systemic optimizations to memory usage to save over 2MB of RAM.
Made several insignificant optimizations to frame-rate.

### Fixes
Fixed Ghoul Purge Bounties (and potentially others) failing at start. As originally PSA'd here:
We will be restoring the Bounty sometime tomorrow once we have deployed the fix on all platforms. 
Fixed Hydroid's Pilfering Swarm, Nekros Desecrate, and Khora's Pilfering Strangledome affecting Vitoplast drop amounts from enemies in Void Flood missions. 
This was the original design intention, as was mentioned in the pre-launch sponsored videos on Void Flood missions. Its core design encourages the use of your parkour skills as the primary way to collect scattered Vitoplast around the tileset, with enemy drops being secondary. 
Fixed Cascadia Overcharge's Critical Chance buff applying to all weapons instead of just the Secondary, as intended. 
Fixed a noticeable seam in the torso/arm area of the Valkyr Carnivex Skin. 
Fixed the Vasero Sehkara badges shifting position in an asymmetric way when equipped with shoulder armor. 
Fixed some duplicated Blitz/Volatile Eximus effects on Clients.
Fixed being able to sell Aeolak components for Ducats. 
Fixed Zariman ghosts standing still indefinitely after Host migration. 
Fixed Operator missing facial customizations in the first cinematic of the Angels of the Zariman quest. 
Fixed anti-Warframe bubble not working on Clients in Void Cascade missions. 
Fixed the key binding screen tabs in Options overlapping with the top key to bind when resolution is set to 1920x1200 and the game is in windowed mode. 
Fixed certain mentions of the 'Void' not being capitalized. 
Fixed an issue with the reload sound FX for the Oscira skin.
Fixing Wisp and Titania's animation sets not floating while having the Hespar equipped. 
Fixed [PH] tags in the Customize HUD Color settings. 
Fixed crash when opening up the 'Hire Railjack Crew Members' window at Ticker in Fortuna. 
Fixed script error related to special Incarnon weapon reticle. 
Fixed script error while killing a Hound right before Host migration. 
Fixed script error related to the Conclave team select interface. 
Fixed script error related to Volt's Shock ability.
Added Focus node Modifiers to the Ability screen descriptions.

## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.5
**Date:** 2022-05-03T20:43:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Angels Of The Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.5:
We're back with our second Hotfix of the week as the team progresses through reports. Additionally, we're working towards addressing some bigger feedback areas with our week's worth of findings
more info to share soon.
Adjusted the Void Cascade mission objectives to start when players kill the first Thrax occupying an Exolizer. 
Added objective kill marker, tutorial text popup, and transmissions to better explain mission objectives in Void Cascade. 
Specifically "Kill the Thrax". 
The tutorial message about depositing Vitoplast will now appear much sooner after the first Void Rupture becomes active in the Void Flood mission. 
The following Void Cascade conditions are now the only ones that will occur in the quest mission:
Shield Drain 
Enemies have added Heat damage
Boarding squad
Improved mission flow in the Void Cascade mission. 
Reduced enemy counts for the first two Void Ruptures in the Void Flood mission. It will now ramp up slowly over time and Eximus units will only spawn after the first Void Rupture has been closed. 
Fixed missing transmissions for when an Exolizer spawns in Void Cascade mission. 
Fixed the objective marker in the Void Flood mission appearing during intro transmission. 
It will now appear after this key transmission has finished playing.
Fixed being able to bypass pop-up messages introduced in Hotfix 31.5.5 by starting the Angels of the Zariman quest from Navigation.
Void Flood Fixes: 
The optional Extraction marker now displays for less time at each rotation. 
Fixed "Return to the Chrysalith" message lingering on screen indefinitely after the mission ends. 
Fixed objective A not appearing until the intro transmissions have finished.
This also fixes the objective popping in at an empty location with a marker and causing an awkward pause in gameplay. 
Fixed extraction transmission playing after the next Round's A marker appears in Void Flood missions.
This should help some confusion on extraction availability before the next Round begins on longer endless runs. 
Void Cascade Fixes:
Fixed Exolizer progression marker lingering with full bar after it disappears in Void Cascade missions. 
Fixes towards enemies not spawning properly if you Host migrate before fully connecting/loading into Zariman missions from the Chrysalith (and all other open landscapes). 
Fixed Zariman missions (including Bounties) at times auto-completing and on consecutive runs. 
Fixed Thrax enemies being able to activate any interactables in Zariman missions, which would disable them for players. 
Fixed crash related to Thrax Centurions. 
Fixed script error with Void Manifestation ground spike ability. 
More fixes towards script errors related to Thrax enemy spawns. 
Fixed a script error with the inactive Void Manifestations spawns.
Fixed a script error in Void Armageddon missions.
Added a daily refresh indicator to Syndicate screens (anywhere where there is an 'X remaining' indicator).
Added 'None' icon to all of the None options in the Operator UI lists in the Orbiter. 
Entrati Syndicate rank up dialogue has been reassigned to the 'Speech Volume' slider in the Audio options. 
This also fixes their dialogue being muted if players had the 'Transmission Slider' turned down.

## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.4
**Date:** 2022-05-02T20:54:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.3
**Date:** 2022-04-29T16:52:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Happy Friday, Tenno! This hotfix targets fixing some high priority bugs that we wanted to get out before the weekend hits. We will be back next week after reviewing weekend reports to continue the hotfix train.
### Changes
Angels Of The Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.3:
The Nidus Maggot Prime script has been completed for the Tenno who purchased the Parasitic Link Pack, Ravenous Pack, and Nidus Prime Accessories Pack on PC. Your new best friend will appear in your Decorations inventory if you meet the criteria!
Added the color reset and randomize buttons when customizing Amp appearance. 
Re-named 'Primary Color' in the Operator Appearance customization menu to 'Sigil Color'. 
Also re-ordered the 'Sigil Color' option to appear before 'Default Properties'. 
Updated the Dojo Map Legend UI to support custom themes.

### Fixes
Fixed the rarity of the Zariman Bounty reward tiers (Common/Uncommon/Rare pools) not being properly assigned
resulting in unintended drop rates. As reported here:
This directly affected the Gyre and Weapons Blueprints. The UI was inaccurately stating the rarity for each
Gyre's Component Blueprints were marked as 'uncommon' but only had a 2% drop chance, while the Weapon Blueprints were marked as 'rare' but had a whopping 21% drop chance. So we have redistributed the drop rates by increasing the drop chance of Gyre's Component blueprints within the intended 'uncommon' rates and lowering the Weapon Blueprints rate to intended 'rare' rates. 
Fixed Clients not receiving AABC rewards from Void Armageddon missions after completing one Round onwards. 
Fixed the Protovyre Ephemera not tracking Focus gained from Zariman missions. 
Follow up fix to getting stuck in the Zariman elevator due to being in a 'full' public squad, and the session failing to join the mission. 
Fixed enemies not spawning when starting a Zariman mission from the Chrysalith immediately following a Void Armageddon or Flood mission. 
This also fixes post-Angels of the Zariman missions having spawn issues due to the last stage of the quest being Void Armageddon. 
Fixed only one Brilliant Eidolon Shard being consumed when unbinding both possible Unbound abilities in a tree at once. 
The UI would state that two were consumed but truly it was only one in the backend. Those who were affected will keep those unconsumed Shards. 
Fixed some matchmaking issues in the Zariman after Host migration. 
Fixed Clients not seeing proper scaling of the Void Manifestation orbs. 
Fixed the 'What's New' screen on login kicking players out of The New War quest. 
Fixed Energy/Shield Drain for a Helminth Ability equipped on Hildryn being extremely high after using Inner Might, making it impossible to cast. 
Fixed being able to hover while in decoration mode over existing/permanent decorations/furniture in the Dormizone. 
Fixed Amp attaching to elbow when customizing colors on [spoiler character]. 
Fixed Dojo Map Legend UI lingering if it was visible when you enter Decoration mode. 
More fixes towards being unable to enter extremely large Clan Dojos. 
Fixed crash related to Sentient abilities. 
Fixed crash related to Kavat Mischief Precept mod. 
Fixed script error related to Thrax enemies. 
Fixed several script errors in the Void Armageddon mission. 
Fixed script error with Nidus' Parasitic Link ability. 
Fixed script error related to Sentinel Regen mod. 
Fixed script error related to Thrax enemy spawns in Void Flood/Cascade missions. 
Fixed script error related to checking challenge progress for Incarnon Weapons while in mission.
Fixed infinite loading screen during key certain stages of The New War quest. 
Fixed rare Client side crash while joining in progress Infested Salvage missions.
Fixed script error related to Void Projection.

## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.2
**Date:** 2022-04-28T20:22:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Angels Of The Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.2:
It's the day after Update 31.5: Angels of the Zariman! We are here with our second hotfix to address some key stability and fixes. Some next-day feedback has been incorporated in this update.
After reviewing Community feedback to the Eximus Unit reward changes in Update 31.5.0, we've made some further changes, specifically to the Credit drop. The amount of Credits dropped for high level Eximus Units due to the scaling amount changes weren't hitting the mark for veteran players who play at that level. We don't want to remove Credits altogether as new players will find these useful in their journey.
As a result, Eximus Units now drop 500-750 Credits that no longer scale with level. Non-Steel Path Eximus Units level 30+ now have a chance to drop a Riven Sliver, granted at a smaller chance than their Steel Path counterpart to not diminish their value.
As a result of the above changes, Palladino's Offerings have grown to provide more purchase options for your Riven Slivers, given that you'll receive more with the above changes.
Additional Veiled Riven 
35K Kuva Bundle
150K Credit bundle
For those who appreciated the bigger Credit drop from Eximus Units you can now choose to use your Riven Slivers here.
Please note that the per week reset also applies to these Offerings.
Additionally, we've temporarily removed the "Tax the Taxmen" requirement from the Zariman Bounty rotation due to the prior Eximus Credit drop boon making it possible for a majority of players. We're looking to change this to a "Kill X Eximus Units" challenge instead in the near future.
We have made a gamewide change to how Syndicate Medallions spawn in missions
this of course also applies to the latest addition of Voidplumes!
Before: Medallions of all tiers spawn completely at random with no logic attached to it.
NOW: There is now a guarantee that out of the 8 Medallions that spawn in a mission:
1 will be Rare (aka Voidplume Crest now guaranteed in every mission)! 
2 will be Uncommon
The remaining 5 will have a chance to be either Common (75%) or Uncommon (25%).
There is now far more benefit to finding all 8 Medallions, as you are guaranteed 3 higher tier out of the total 8.
Changed Void Armageddon "Collect Argozene Crates" Bounty to be 3/5/7/9 instead of 3/5/10/15.
Added a tutorial message to the Angels of the Zariman quest during Void Manifestation fight informing that you can Void Sling through Orbs.
This tutorial prompt also appears in the fight outside of the quest when assistance is needed. 
Added a UI Marker to the "inactive" Void Manifestation if you are doing a Zariman Bounty that requires you to defeat them. 
Turning in Zarium Accolades to Melica Caches will now immediately drop the Void Quill instead of after she finishes her voice lines. 
This also fixes the issue of Cephalon Melica's voice lines getting interrupted when interacting with her. 
Turned up the volume of the Zarium Accolades. 
Added sound FX variations to Gyre's Arcsphere and Coil Horizon cast. 
Updated a couple animations of the Angels of the Zariman characters in the quest. 
Changed the 'Zariman Classroom Scene' Captura scene to 'Zariman Schoolyard Scene' to more accurately reflect it. 
Improved the reload animations of the Laetum.
Also fixes the Laetum clipping through Warfarme when not aiming down sight. 
Added safeguard for when the install drive is removed (or failing) while the game is running.

### Fixes
Fixed getting stuck in the Zariman elevator due being in a 'full' public squad, and the session failing to join the mission. 
There is still another case of this issue occurring that we are trying to nail down. 
Fixed infinite screen shake when spiked by Void Manifestation. 
Fixed complete loss of functionality after being spiked by Void Manifestation. 
Fixed Protea's Temporal Anchor forcing you out of your Operator in transference disabled areas (eg. Void Manifestation arena). 
Fixed back to back Void Armageddon Bounties mixing up the displayed objectives in HUD.
Fixed downed players not getting teleported to the elevator in Void Armageddon missions on extraction. 
They will now be revived and teleported to the elevator when extracting. 
Fixed Cascadia Overcharge description incorrectly stating that it's a Warframe Arcane, when it is a Secondary Weapon Arcane. 
Fixed Cascadia Overcharge only being able to be equipped on Secondary Kitguns, instead of all Secondary weapons. 
Fixed Subsumed abilities on Lavos being blocked from casting while Inner Might is active. As reported here:
Fixed crash after Host migration while a Fracture is being closed in Void Flood. 
Fixed several issues caused by Host migration in Void Flood missions:
Long delays in spawning a new Fracture. 
Slowed Corruption meter. 
Thrax enemies not spawning. 
Fixed matchmaking from Navigation in your Orbiter matching you with Bounty squads started from the Chrysalith.
Matchmaking to Zariman missions from Navigation in your Orbiter will now only match you with players who are doing the non-Bounty version of the selected mission. 
Fixed black and white FX persisting everywhere after being killed by the Void Manifestation in the arena. 
Fixed a crash related to the Void Manifestation abilities. 
Fixed crash related to markers in the Void Flood mission. 
Fixed crash that could occur in post-The New War Plains of Eidolon if a pickup was dropped inside the gate. 
Fixed rare crash when dealing damage to the Derivator Crewman. 
Fixed a crash occurring when Nova Worm Holing into the Zariman elevator and extracting before the Worm Hole disappears. 
Fixed crash related to Hound (equipped with the Null Audit Precept mod) casting the Blitz Eximus chain blast attack. 
Fixed Warframe abilities (notably Rhino's Iron Skin with the Iron Shrapnel Augment equipped) being activated while using the 1,2,3,4 keys to select Armament Turrets in Void Armageddon missions. 
Fixed being unable to tab through the Challenge Progress screen (from the Pause Menu) using L + R on a controller. 
Fixed an inoperable Elevator spawning in the Angels of the Zariman Quest Void Cascade phase. 
Fixed Void Manifestation orb explosion FX triggering multiple times. 
Fixed FX and sounds not playing when hitting the Void Manifestation orbs. 
Fixed players being offset in the Chrysalith map when returning from Dormizone. 
Fixed crash related to Focus screen UI. 
Fixed 'TennoCon' appearing in the Controller Icon Set options. 
Fixed [PH] tags appearing in Deimos and Zariman content. 
Fixed [PH] tags appearing in Dormizone pop-ups when using the 'Clear Room Decorations' option. 
Fixed the tutorial UI prompt overlapping with the Void Manifestation's health bar.
Fixed a small number of Clans with big Dojos being unable to access them. 
Fixed some Focus Tree node descriptions clipping in certain languages. 
Fixed incorrect color customization on Atlas' Tectonic walls. It will now use your emissives and accent colors.
More fixes towards players getting unwarranted Trade bans after playing missions in the Zariman. 
Fixed sound being permanently ducked when entering the elevator during Void Cascade mission fail. 
Fixed missing "Build Requirements" tab and description in the Market.
Fixed missing Thrax Centurion Codex description. 
Fixed the Solena and Kyruna Ephemera reverting to have no textures when spiked by a Void Manifestation. 
Fixed script error when Mod linking Kubrow/Kavat. 
Fixed script error related to the Derivator Crewman. 
Fixed script error related to Xaku's Last Grasp ability. 
Fixed script error that could occur in Void Armageddon.
Fixed a script error for the Kuva Trokarian if killed while playing leap animation. 
Fixed script error related to Inner Might. 
Fixed script error related to the Shock Eximus. 
Fixed script error in Zariman Mobile Defense mission (The Greenway). 
Fixed script error if you had an Incarnon weapon at Rank 5 and completed a mission with an empty rifle/pistol/melee slot.
Fixed script error related to Juggernaut. 
Fixed crash related to Helminth's Golden Instinct ability.

## Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.1
**Date:** 2022-04-27T20:21:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Reduced enemy levels in the Angels of the Zariman quest from 50-55 to 40-45.
We want the missions to be challenging, but not so challenging that you cannot progress through the quest! The missions outside of the quest differ since they are not meant for tutorial purposes as they are in the quest. 
Improved mouth animations in certain parts of the quest. 
Fixed placing Armaments turret too quickly near Exodamper in the Void Armageddon stage of the quest, which would disable all turret mounts and keep the objective marker there for the whole mission. 
This also fixes being able to stack multiple placements on the single spot.
Fixed crash when attempting to fast travel (notably to the Arsenal) in the Crysalith during the Angels of the Zariman quest. 
This fix removes the ability to open Arsenal in the Dormizone during the quest to address the crash. It is re-enabled after quest completion.
Changed the Void Armageddon Armaments turrets' 'Time Remaining' percentage indicator to count down instead of up. 
Updated the open/close sound FX for the Void Armageddon Armaments Turret selection menu. 
Fixed Void Manifestations becoming invincible (spawning without health bar) after teleporting. 
Fixed Reliquary marker flashing in Void Armageddon mission when it's not the target after Exodamper has been destroyed. 
Fixed several issues for remaining player after Host migration in Void Cascade after 1/3 completed Exolizers:
Lack of mission UI.
Unable to start a new Exolizer.
Not forcing transference to Operator when crossing into anti-warframe bubbles.
Enemies not spawning/moving.
Fixed Void Armageddon Armament Turrets 'Time Remaining' UI indicator clipping into the Turrets themselves.
Fixed script error in the Void Flood mission. 
Fixed music queues overlapping in the Zariman missions. 
Fixed matchmaking issues when starting a mission from the Chrysalith. 
Fixed Clients who fast travel to the elevator in the Chrysalith before the Host being unable to load into the Bounty mission selected by the Host. 
Fixed the same challenges appearing when the Zariman Bounties rollover. 
Fixed lost spirits sometimes getting stuck and losing their way around the Zariman. 
Fixed orb hitbox from the Void manifestations encounter being unintentionally too small. 
In both the missions and quest. 
Fixed players being able to matchmake into different challenges on the same node due to Bounty rollover in the Chrysalith. 
Fixed Focus points gained from killing Thrax enemies not appearing in the End of Mission screen.
Made several improvements to the overall look and garbs of the new Syndicate characters. 
Polished some facial animation for the Operator and [spoiler character] unarmed idle and talk animations. 
Improved how Companions are streamed into the Dormizone. 
Polished Voidplume textures. You could say the birds have pruned their feathers.
Updated Clan Advertising options. 
Changed the Saryn Voidshell Skin default emissive color to match the Rhino Voidshell and Volt Voidshell skins.
Fixes:
Fixed certain accounts being unable to login after downloading the Angels of the Zariman update. 
Fixed the Valkyr Carnivex Skin and Collection giving the default Valkyr animation sets and not the Valkyr Carnivex animation sets.
A script will be run to deliver these to the accounts that purchased the Skin before this hotfix. If you did not previously own the default Valkyr animation sets, they are yours to keep! 
**Script has completed! Please relog if your were affected by this!
Fixed the Holokey Blur in the Emergence to Chrysalith Supporter pack missing on purchase. 
Affected accounts will have this rectified via script! 
Fixed Host being able to hear the Void Sling / Transference sound FX from Clients across the map. 
Fixed Operator Somatics Markings not showing up. 
Fixed the Alternox's alt-fire sound FX being heard from across the map. 
Fixed accidental trade bans after launching the Angels of the Zariman update. As originally PSA'd here:
Fixed some cases (notably when a weapon had no customizations) where Loadouts wouldn't save. 
Fixed the Voidshell Material Structures not appearing in the Conclave Arsenal and preventing customization in Cooperative mode.
Fixed the Alternox missing its Falloff stat: 60% Fall off on alt fire Radial Attack. 
Also fixes duplicate Falloff stats appearing in the Radial Attack category. It will now correctly indicate separate stats for 'Falloff' and 'Damage/s Falloff'.
Note: 0.0% 'Damage/s Falloff' is intended for the Radial Attack.
Fixed Emblem offset issues with the Valkyr Carnivex Shoulder armor.
Fixed Clients being able to lock Host outside of their own Dormizone. ~DORMIZONE SECURED~
Fixed unreleased Operator cosmetic showing up in Appearance options. Stay tuned for its actual scheduled release! 
Fixed Syndicate screen not opening up when speaking to Bounty giver in the Necralisk for the first time after the quest. 
Fixed crash related to Void Sling. 
Fixed Void manifestation never reappearing after teleport. 
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow becoming indefinitely invulnerable after being spiked by a Void manifestation. 
Fixed Melica Cache missing shutdown sound. 
Fixed being able to get stuck in a school-room area in the Zariman tileset.
Fixed some texture issues when moving/scaling decorations in the Dormizone. 
Fixed lingering FX from Void manifestation arena after exiting it. 
Fixed Venomous Eximus' abilities being affected by Limbo's Rift. 
Fixed the Shock Orbs from the Shock / Bio-Electric Eximus not zapping if you have a Sentinel. 
Fixed the Shock Orbs from the Shock / Bio-Electric Eximus getting cut out if enemies are around. 
Fixed the 3 Day Resource Booster showing a Platinum price indicator in UI when available via Baro Ki'Teer's offerings.
Fixed a [PH] tag appearing in the 'Insufficient Focus to purchase' popup message. 
Fixed minor map holes in certain parts of the Zariman. 
Fixed script error related to FX on the Javlok. 
Fixed script error related to Operator Transference. 
Fixed script error related to Focus Tree UI. 
Fixed script error that would occur after Host migration in The Greenway Mobile Defense node. 
Fixed script error when joining a Void Flood mission in progress. 
Fixed script error when picking up resources in Void Armageddon missions. 
Fixed script error when using the 'Sell Items' button in your Inventory. 
Fixed script error related to the main menu. 
Fixed script error related to Rhino's Rhino Charge ability. 
Fixed script error when trying to disarm a target with Disarming Sling. 
Fixed script error related to the Melica Cache sounds. 
Fixed script error related to the new Challenge progress screen. 
Fixed script error when previewing items while in your Inventory. 
Fixed script error related to the Buzlok. 
Fixed script error related to Temporal Drag. 
Fixed script error related to Unairu Wisp. 
Fixed script error related to Void manifestation activation. 
Fixed script error related to the Operator UI.

### Fixes
Angels of the Zariman: Hotfix 31.5.1

## Update 31.5: Angels of the Zariman
**Date:** 2022-04-27T15:02:06Z | **Type:** Update
## Garuda Prime: Hotfix 31.3.1
**Date:** 2022-03-29T17:21:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Garuda Prime: Update 31.3
**Date:** 2022-03-28T17:58:24Z | **Type:** Update
## Nora's Mix Volume 1: Hotfix 31.2.1
**Date:** 2022-03-18T20:44:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added a 'New!' page under the 'Featured' category to the in-game Market that will display recently added items to the game. 
Added a new icon for 'New' label in the in-game Market.

### Changes
Nora'S Mix Volume 1: Hotfix 31.2.1:

### Fixes
Fixed Nightwave Standing not being rewarded when completing the 'Venus Bounty Hunter' Act. 
We are investigating other Acts that may be affected and looking into ways we can track the lost Standing to be recouped via script. 
Fixed a UI bug where double the amount of Nightwave Standing earned was shown if you ran a mission with a Syndicate Sigil equipped and completed a Nightwave Act. Upon relog the correct value would be properly shown. 
Fixed the Simulor missing its Critical Chance/Damage and Status Chance stats in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Garuda's new passive HUD icon losing its damage buff status while active after Transferring to Operator and back. 
Fixed an overwhelming amount of enemies spawning in a low level (5-15) Escort the Drone Plains of Eidolon Bounty. 
Fixed Client functionality loss when loading into a Captura and the Host is in Free Roam Camera.
Fixed file path showing in the Madurai Focus tree. As reported here:
Fixed issues for 'Wall (Damaged, 8m, Left)' Decoration not having the same scaling as its right side counterpart. 
Fixed being unable to pick up and move the Orokin Public Information Screen Decoration after placing it in the Dojo.
Fixed a couple mentions of Landing Craft instead of Orbiter.

## Nora's Mix Volume 1: Update 31.2.0 + 31.2.0.1
**Date:** 2022-03-16T17:58:08Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Calling all Dojo crafters! We have added two new rooms and new Dojo Decorations inspired by the Grineer Kuva Fortress and Orokin Tower tilesets for you to let your creativity fly.
Added two new Orbiter decorations! The 'Operator Switch' and the 'Spotlight (Ostron)' can be purchased in the in-game Market.

### Changes
Nora'S Mix Volume 1: Update 31.2.0:
We have entered the era of Nora's Mix. Aptly named, Nora has brought with her a mix of unique rewards spanning the old and new. With a fresh selection of Acts, both new and experienced Tenno can earn the new Nora's Mix Vol. 1 Cred in style.
For this edition of Nora's Mix, a total of 22 new Daily, Weekly, and Elite Weekly Acts have been added to give you new ways to earn Cred! Complete them to earn never-before-seen Customizations including the new Glacia Syandana, Liset Domestik Drone, and more listed below.
Liquidation
Sell any item in your Inventory for Credits.
Two for One
Pierce and kill 2 or more enemies in a single Bow shot.
Death from Above
Kill 10 enemies with ground slams.
Swatter
Kill 3 Drones or Ospreys with your Melee Weapon.
Topping Off the Tank
Successfully defend an Excavator without allowing it to run out of power.
The Personal Touch
Place 1 decoration in your Orbiter.
Augmentation
Install an Augment Mod on your Warframe.
A Firm Shake
Shake the hand of a fellow Tenno using the Handshake Emote.
Builder's Touch
Claim an item from your Foundry.
Medic
Revive a fellow Tenno or a Companion.
Stay on top
Kill 20 enemies using a Necramech while hovering.
Night and Day
Collect 15 Vome or Fass Residue in the Cambion Drift.
Loyalty
Gain 5,000 Standing with any one Syndicate faction.
Mad Lab
Plunder one of Alad V's secret laboratories on Jupiter.
The Old Ways
Complete 1 mission with only a single pistol and a glaive equipped.
Bloodthirsty
Kill 20 enemies in 5 seconds.
Antiquarian
Open one of each era/tier of Relic (Lith, Meso, Neo, Axi).
The Price of Freedom
Free one Captured Solaris using a Granum Crown.
The Many Made Whole
Convert 10 Riven Slivers into a Riven Mod.
Terminated
Destroy 3 Necramech Isolation Vault guardians.
Every member of the squad will get progress towards this Act for defeating a Necramech Vault Guardian.
Rise of the Machine
Kill 300 enemies using a Necramech without getting destroyed.
Plus a hand-picked selection of rewards from previous Nightwave acts!
Wolf Howl Emote
Nora Stencil 
Naberus Ephemera 
Wolf K-Drive Scrawl 
Paracyst Zebra Skin 
Orokin Tea Set 
Chitoid Sentinel Bundle
And evergreen rewards you know and love:
Arcane Grace 
Weapon + Warframe Slots 
Kuva 
Forma Bundles
Orokin Catalysts
Melee Riven Mod 
Exilus Weapon Adapter 
Exilus Warframe Adapter
Umbra Forma
Caliban's Cranion Helmet Blueprint will also appear in the first Cred Offerings rotation once live.
For patrons of Nora's previous Acts, duplicate protection will be maintained for rewards that you've already unlocked. Identical to Nora's Choice, Tenno can expect to be compensated with Nora's Mix Vol. 1 Creds instead of the previous unlocked reward!
Read the original Dev Workshop here!
Changed the 'Sharing is Caring' Act name to be more accurate to the challenge. It is now 'Go Viral'. 
More fixes towards Plains of Eidolon and Orb Vallis specific Acts not tracking properly in their post-New War form. 
Fixes towards Act progress pop ups overlapping in the UI.
The crimson maiden of death has been streamlined for more satisfying butchery! With a focus on adding more maneuverability and deadliness to the queen of gore, the following changes have been made:
Dread Mirror's projectile will now auto-throw when Energy drains completely from charging. 
Added new Dread Mirror's projectile directional animations while charging mid-air before releasing. 
Dread Mirror's projectile can now be charged while sprinting. 
New floating animations have been added to support the full sprint blood casting fantasy! 
Garuda will now be invulnerable while traveling to the target. 
Doubled the damage scaling of the projectile while throwing. 
Adjusted the position of the projectile damage numbers to be lower on the mirror so that it doesn't go offscreen as often. 
Increased the turn speed of Dread Mirror when not aiming. Dread Mirror turn speed is also now instant while aiming.
Garuda will now be invulnerable while traveling to the target.
Bloodletting now clears Status procs when cast. 
Slightly increased Energy gain from 35% to 40% of Garuda's Energy pool.
Doubled base damage from 150 to 300 at max. 
Seeking Talons can now be charged without holding the cast binding for the entire duration. Either tap for a hands free charging that will auto release, or hold for manual charging. 
Slightly reduced max charge time. 
Added new Seeking Talons directional animations while being charged mid-air before releasing. 
Seeking Talons can now be charged while sprinting. 
New floating animations have been added to support the ultimate blade summoning ability.
Garuda is now invulnerable while casting Seeking Talons until it is fully charged.
Reduced Chroma's Effigy radial knockback intensity. It will still send enemies flying, but no longer to the moon. 
Explosive Barrels will now knock down enemies; if they are within 0-2m they will be knocked down by the blast, at 2-6m they will suffer a heavy stagger, and at 6-10m they will suffer a light stagger and take 800 damage. For the Large Corpus Exploding Barrels, these values are 0-3m, 3-8m, and 8-12m with 1200 damage. If they die from the blast, they will ragdoll instead. 
When Blast damage was reworked in Update 27.2, enemies stopped getting knocked over by Explosive Barrels. 
Increased Drone health and decreased the number of reinforcements in level 10-30 Bounties in the Plains of Eidolon.
Hydroid's Tidal surge can now be canceled early by jumping (similar to Lavos' Vial Rush). 
Reduced the cost of a second Tidal Surge cast by 50% while in Tidal Surge. 
Recasting the ability to change directions will now do so seamlessly while in Tidal Surge form (Hydroid will no longer pop his head out in between casts). 
Fixed spamming Hydroid's Tidal Surge causing the wave FX to stick to Hydroid permanently.
Made micro-optimizations to light rendering.
Made a micro-optimization to DirectX 12 rendering.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to rendering on all platforms.
Made DirectX 12 robust against content that could crash the driver. 
Made numerous optimizations to level loading and texture streaming when using DirectX 12 on PC
On a fast PC with an NVME SSD we saw an improvement of over 10% when loading into large levels.
Fixed a number of crashes when using DirectX 12. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when loading the game or certain levels while using the Enhanced graphics engine with DirectX 12.

### Fixes
Fixed Garuda's Talons not retaining Skin details/textures outside of the Orbiter. As reported here:
Also fixed her Talons not retaining skin details/textures in the preview of Garuda in the Arsenal. 
Fixed previewing Garuda skins in the Arsenal not updating her Talons until you equip the skin.
Fixed Garuda's left hand Talon not using the proper animations for many abilities and idle animations. As reported here:
Fixed the 'unkillable' VFX on Garuda missing for Clients when she kills an enemy with Dread Ward equipped. 
Fixed Dread Ward using default VFX colors for Clients, instead of chosen custom colors. 
Fixed script error with Garuda's Dread Mirror.
Fixed the innate damage bonus of Kuva/Tenet projectile weapons not applying to the bonus damage from Galvanized Aptitude.
Fixed Requiem Ultimatums dropped from converted or vanquished Adversaries not being added to your inventory. As reported here:
Also fixed there being no indicators for the Requiem Ultimatum drops in the in-mission UI or the end of mission screen. 
We are looking into the possible options of rewarding those missing Requiem Ultimatums into inventories
we will share more information as we get closer to a solution whether in the form of script or otherwise. 
Fixed Nira's Mod Set bonus also applying to normal melee damage instead of just Slam Attacks. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when loading between levels.
Fixes towards Orb Vallis Bounties with the Case Retrieval, Coildrive Ambush, Credit Collection, Spy, or Exterminate stages automatically failing. 
Fixed some cave ponds in the Cambion Drift not spawning fish. 
Fixed a crash in The New War quest if you don't own a Paracesis.
Fixed Revenant's Thralls breaking spawns in Exterminate missions. As reported here:
Fixed ranged enemies disarmed by Loki also losing their Melee weapons on recast. 
Fixed being unable to place The New War Decorations in a Dojo room.
Fixed incorrect Operator Idle Stance animations after a certain quest stage in Cetus in The New War quest.
Fixed Inaros' Elemental Sandstorm Augment mod not using bonus damage type from Kuva/Tenet weapons. 
Also fixed this for Melee abilities (Atlas' Landslide for example) that were not inheriting from Kuva/Tenet Melee weapons. 
Fixed cases where the Lotus was replaced in her usual inbox messages by a spoiler character in The New War while playing the quest. 
More fixes towards filepaths showing up in TennoCon item names. 
Fixed cases where Excalibur Umbra might lose his Health increase after using Transference. As reported here:
Fixed a Gear duplication bug that could occur on consumables after receiving some in an open landscape mission. 
Fixed Railjack mission countdown not proceeding if a player leaves the squad when all other votes are in. 
Fixed being able to stay in endless Inaros Sandstorm after using an Emote (like the Shawzin) on a keybind. 
Fixed more text case issues across the game. 
Fixed destroyed Dojo rooms not actually being fully destroyed (they would not show in-game, but a new room could not be placed at their location). 
Fixed Domestik Drones sitting around idle in the front end of the Orbiter. 
Fixed Protea's default helmet using the Telema Helmet icon in the Arsenal. 
Fixed more inconsistent use of capitalization throughout the game, notably in the following areas:
'Favorites' colors section in the Arsenal. 
Squad overlay loadouts. 
World State Window. 
Pop-up message when you leave a Clan. 
Fixes towards Kela De Thaym sometimes not taking damage from Clients. 
Fixed Dojo decoration icons appearing distorted and stretched in the 'Rush' menu. 
Fixed Vault C being impossible to complete after breaking control panels in Pago, Kuva Fortress Spy mission. As reported here:
Fixed the Grendel Helmet clipping through the Grendel Nian skin. 
Fixed some clipping issues with the upper corner of Grendel Nian's tummy lip. 
Fixed losing Archwing in a specific underwater area in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed spamming the Gear Wheel causing Lotus transmission audio to repeat and change. 
Fixed issues with converting German ß to upper or lower case:
Now all ß to SS will be in upper conversions.
Fixed issues with the 'Don't be Afraid' Poster diorama. 
Fixed script error related to Chroma's Effigy. 
Fixed script error related to Zephyr's Airburst. 
Fixed script error related to Melee ground slam kills. 
Fixed an error that caused Atlas Rumblers to use incorrect values for their punch damage which was disregarding your Power Strength bonus (and the Titanic Rumbler bonus if you had it equipped)
Fixed script error related to Atlas' Rumblers.
----------------------
Necessary one fix wonder hotfix to nuke a bad crash.
Fixed nasty crash related to Wisp's Reservoirs.

## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.8
**Date:** 2022-02-24T16:54:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.8:
Fixed crashes when starting the game in DirectX 12 on Windows 10 systems that have managed to avoid Windows Update for since 2016.
We strongly encourage you to run Windows Update when you can, to avoid strange problems and security vulnerabilities on your PC!

### Fixes
Fixed more icons appearing stretched after the great icon "squarification" treatment:
Plains of Eidolon Conversation Emblem icon. 
'Unidentified Item' icon in the end of mission screen. 
Fixed Ordis' glitch dialogue subtitles missing during the Jordas Precept quest.
Fixed TennoCon 2019, 2020, and 2021 Emote names appearing as file paths. 
Fixed a Ventkid in Fortuna still wearing a Veil post-New War.
Fixed Zephyr's Airburst Rounds Augment Mod no longer functioning if you change Loadouts in the Simulacrum, after having activated it at least once.

## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.7
**Date:** 2022-02-23T18:36:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Echoes Of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.7:
Added ability to preview the Lunar Renewal Theme and Background.
This was player feedback since the Market bundles do not show the theme/background in full. Now you can go to Options > Interface > Customize UI Theme > Select Lunar Renewal Theme/Background to preview before purchasing the bundle. 
Set maximum purchase quantity in the in-game Market to 9,999,999. 
You will only ever see this limit if you have the requirements to purchase whatever you are buying 10 million times. You big spender you.
Made systemic micro-optimization to load times and improved frame-rate while streaming on Xbox or on PC when using DirectX12.
Continued to add diagnostics to try to isolate random DirectX 12 crashes.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where innate damage bonus of Kuva weapons did not apply to the bonus damage from Galvanized Aptitude. 
Fixed a Sister of Parvos candidate not showing what weapon is offered if the Treasurer is also alive. 
Fixed text issues with pickups that originated from the capitalization changes, as mentioned in hotfix 31.1.6. 
Pickup notifications in HUD will now be capitalized for things that do not have custom formatting applied, such as the messages used for who killed who in Conclave. 
Fixed some mixed case text issues in the end of mission progression box. 
Fixed Spore Ephemera appearing like gray mush
restored it to its original nastiness we all know and love but also improved it.
Fixed issue where Epic Store Platinum bundles would no longer show coupons applied and did not apply discounts to purchases of the same. 
This also fixes a related issue where the pricing was not accounting for coupon discount and was charging full price while also consuming coupon. The coupon discount will now appear on hover. If you were affected by this issue please create a ticket at support.warframe.com
Fixed the Sniper Ammo Mutation mod not mutating Rifle ammo at the described rate. 
For example, at Rank 0 you should receive 1 Sniper ammo per Rifle pickup and it was giving 0. 
Fixed the following issues with the Protovyre Armor Set: 
Fixed completing the Protovyre Sentient killing challenge not awarding players with the evolved Protovyre Chest piece. 
This was caused by exiting Railjack from the menu, which would fail to deliver Protovyre inbox message if challenge was completed.
For those affected, we will be running a script that will deliver the inbox message with the evolved Protovyre Chest piece. We will update this thread once we have started and finished the script. Edit: The script has been run! 
Fixed Requiem Relics dropped from Thralls or Hounds not counting towards the Protovyre Syandana challenge progression.
Fixed Sister of Pavos Hounds becoming permanent allies (and blocking progression) if affected by abilities like Nyx's Mind Control or Revenant's Enthrall. 
Fixed Amp appearing in town hubs on a post-New War character. 
Fixed clipping issues with the Nidus Kuvael Scrounger helmet open/closed states.
Fixed Nidus Kuvael Scrounger helmet's fleshy meat pieces not hiding properly in its closed non-mutated state. 
Fixed turrets not taking damage from bullets in Wyrmius, as reported here:
Fixed Wyrmius turret projectiles firing from the wrong position.
Fixed more icons appearing stretched after the great icon "squarification" treatment:
Vallis Beast and Bird Emblem 
Fixed incorrect lighting in some cases when 'Shadow Quality' is set to 'Low'.
Fixed 'CORRUPTED' prefix appearing in all caps in corrupted enemies name UI. 
Fixed possible map hole near power structures in the Corpus Gas City tileset. 
Fixed some punctuation issues in the Lotus' transmission and Vox Solaris quest. 
Fixed the Vitrica's sound FX building up when turning many enemies to glass at the same time.

## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.6
**Date:** 2022-02-17T22:24:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Essentially, the total damage bonus was being added to each individual projectile, resulting in damage numbers far beyond the intended amount.
### Fixes
Fixes:

## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.5
**Date:** 2022-02-17T20:56:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The compensation script for bad Lich/Sister rewards was completed yesterday on all platforms! Full detailed post here.
### Changes
Echoes Of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.5:
Made several armor placement adjustments for the Grendel Nian skin. 
Kuva will now always have its Item Label enabled in the in-game Market so that you can see how much you are buying if Kuva is included in a bundle. 
Re-organized unnamed Inventory items (Operator hairstyles for example) to display at the bottom of the list, since they cannot be interacted with. 
Updated the description of a set mod from the post-New War Bounties to from "Increase damage from Slam Attacks by +100%" to "100% Slam Attack Damage".
Fixed a rare crash that would occur when using DirectX 12 and a corrupt texture was found in the cache.

### Fixes
Fixed the Zato Facial Accessory not appearing when customizing the Operator. 
Fixed Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment doing astronomical amounts of damage that ripped through time and space, and would eventually cause him to stop doing damage altogether, as reported here:
Fixed misleading prompt when attempting to swap an Exilus slot's polarity: "Exilus slot must be unlocked before assigning a polarity to it." 
Misleading due to the fact that you cannot swap an Exilus slot's polarity. It will now correctly indicate this in the error prompt. 
Fixed several text case issues originating from the change in Hotfix 31.1.3. 
Our work continues to find and fix odd case issues. 
Fixed more icons appearing stretched after the great icon "squarification" treatment: 
Resource icons on the 'cancel build' popup screen when canceling a building foundry item.
All Specter icons in the Codex. 
Fixed 'test' suffix appearing at the end of some text in the World State Window. 
Fixed script error related to the Star Days booth waypoint in Fortuna. 
Fixed the 'g' in 'Strength' getting cut off in the Arsenal stats UI. 
Fixed remaining issues caused object looping behaviors Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed some 'Limited Time' items not appearing when searching 'Limited Time' in the in-game Market. 
Fixed Wukong's Celestial Stomp Augment clone not working for Clients. 
Fixed the Narmer Banner (Long) Dojo Decoration resizing to a new default smaller size that couldn't be scaled up. 
Fixed the 'Limited Time' icon background being too small causing UI clipping issues. 
Fixed updated Augment mod descriptions slipping through the cracks (to come at a later date!).

## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.4
**Date:** 2022-02-15T21:02:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of War: Banshee & Mirage Prime Vault: Hotfix 31.1.3
**Date:** 2022-02-15T19:03:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of War: Hotfix 31.1.2
**Date:** 2022-02-10T19:28:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Echoes of War: Hotfix 31.1.1
**Date:** 2022-02-09T21:19:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 31.1.0: Echoes of War
**Date:** 2022-02-09T15:59:43Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Dojo Architects are you ready?? We have a handful of new Dojo Decorations and some new Rooms as well! We cannot wait to see your continually amazing creations.
Earth Forest Chamber
Uranus Chamber
100 Grineer Forest and Ocean themed Decorations have been added! We've got water pumps, turbine blades, cloning machinery and much more!
The Legendary Rank 2 Test is now available to eligible Tenno! We appreciate your patience as we worked on getting it ready.
Added the ability to individually color customize each of your Operator's eyes for the full Heterochromia effect. 

Added 20 new Operator skin colors options!

A future Update will bring improved Operator skin textures to match its New War variant. 
Added a new Grendel ability tip:
"Feast's damage-over-time on vomited enemies, damage on Regurgitated enemies, and Nourish's self heal on cast all scale based on the level of enemies Grendel devours."
Added a tooltip to the Vox Solaris Quest to indicate that you can use your Secondary weapon on the K-Drive. 
New Thumper variants have been added to the Post-New War Plains of Eidolon! By selecting the Narmer Bounty you'll find these Thumpers ambiently patrolling the Plains. 
Their drop table matches that of its counterpart.

### Changes
Update 31.1.0: Echoes Of War:
The year is 2022, and Digital Extremes is back with the first Mainline of the year
we've got roughly 4GB of content changes!
Less than 2 months ago The New War Quest was launched on all platforms. Our ambitions to have Replay on launch didn't make it in time, but we made it our top priority to have it ready for our first Update of 2022. There's still no accurate words to describe our appreciation for all the support and reactions to The New War, and we hope you enjoy replaying it as many times as you wish!
There's lots more in the Warframe oven for 2022
thank you for coming along the ride!
In addition, you may notice nods to the Public Test Cluster in some sections. Thank you to everybody that participated in our weekend test! We've made some changes in response that you'll find throughout the patch notes.
Experience The New War Quest once more, Tenno! Access The New War Quest in the Codex to Replay. Please note with this implementation the Replay is a full time commitment and you will be locked into the Quest as you were in the first run, so plan accordingly.
This quest has significant Spoilers for Warframe and its future. While The New War has been out since December 15th, there are still Tenno out there who have yet to experience it for the first time. Please let all Tenno experience it at their own pace, and be kind. Use liberal spoiler tags if you wish to talk about it, and do not ruin the experience for someone else. Content Creators should clearly label spoiler content and use spoiler-free thumbnails.
The Quest can be discussed in our temporary Sub Forum:
Reveal hidden contents
During the "end choice" moment, you'll be able to select the other choices for strictly experience purposes. The choice you made in your original playthrough will override it each time once complete.
Additionally, 3 'The New War' Somachord Tones have been added to the post-New War Plains of Eidolon and Orb Vallis. Based on player feedback, we have made these Somachord Tones stationary, meaning they will always be in the same spot (different from the original Orb Vallis Somachord Tones) and require 1 scan each. They'll remain in their spots after Scanned for helpful Tenno who waypoint them for others!
Keep a look out for the following Somachord Tones:
For Narmer
Hybrid Abominations
Sunkiller
Included in this first batch of designs from Round 21, you'll find exciting Skins and Customizations for your Warframes, Weapons, and more! Check them out now via Steam launcher and support hard-working Tenno designers from the Warframe Community.
Harrow Algalyst Skin by Goosmo
Wisp Sycorax Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Wisp Celestist Skin by malaya & Awk'Q-Luz
Titania Pixialyst Skin by kakarrot2812
Fei Syandana by malaya & Jadie
Laprosys Syandana by FrellingHazmot
Draugen Syandana by Goosmo
Eklis Syandana by Goosmo
Avyrdi Shoulder Armor by led2012 & lex182
Ksara Two-Handed Nikana Skin by kakarrot2812
Descend from on high as the legend that Hildryn truly is. A skin that ensures her legend will echo down the ages. Strength and glory!
Hildryn arises anew, re-forged in the fires of finest smith-craft. Add splendor to her saga with this collection of deluxe items.The Einheri skin includes a new look for Hildryn's Balefire Charger. The Deluxe Bundle includes the Hildryn Einheri Skin, Blodgard Heavy Blade Skin and the Brising Syandana.
A master-crafted weapon, forged in fire for the hands of heroes
yet worthy of a goddess. Bestow this skin upon any Axe.
The sun rises on the victor and sets upon the vanquished. This is how your legend is made. Adorn yourself with this exquisite syandana, worthy of the sun herself.
Frost gains 200% Critical Chance and 200% Critical Damage against frozen enemies.
*Acquire from the Cephalon Suda and Steel Meridian Syndicate Offerings.
Allies in range gain 75% bonus Elemental Damage for 30s.
*Acquire from the Arbiters of Hexis and Perrin Sequence Syndicate Offerings.
Instead of Energy, consumes 200 Health on cast and 30 Health Drain.
*Acquire from the Red Veil and Steel Meridian Syndicate Offerings.
Press 3 to hurl a single Aquablade, which gains 10% damage per enemy hit by your Aquablades. No cost to throw while riding Merulina.
*Acquire from the Cephalon Suda and New Loka Syndicate Offerings.
As the pool of Adversary weapons grows and your checklist fills out, the natural chance of finding a Progenitor (Larvling or Candidate) with the exact weapon you desire shrinks. This Adversary Weapon Generation Quality of Life change is meant to reduce randomness over time of what weapon a Progenitor Candidate (Sister) or Larvling (Kuva Lich) can spawn with.
The list of rejected weapons is cleared once you accept an Adversary and the process would start again from a clean slate for both Sister or Kuva Lich the next time you go looking for an Adversary. This list clearing applies to both Sister and Kuva Lich, meaning once the chosen Adversary is Converted or Vanquished, the list clears for both factions.
Begins at 2pm ET today!
It's Star Days, Stardust! Love is in the air, Ticker has made sure of that. Visit her in Fortuna at her special festive booth to claim Rewards by exchanging Debt-Bonds from 2pm ET today until February 23, 2022 @ 2pm.
The majestic Eros Ephemera has returned, along with the Neon Eros Wings decoration and Eros Arrow Skin, and don't miss out on three brand-new seasonal Glyphs; Star Days Ordis, Yareli, and Grineer Glyph.
Plus, find a home in your Orbiter for the ultra-special Ticker Floof
which can now be interacted with when placed to hear Ticker speak some words of wisdom!
If you already own the Ticker Floof from last year's Star Days, the interactive component has been retroactively added to them as well!
The following have also been added to the in-game Market for the season of love
find them in the 'featured' section:
Valentine Color Picker
1 Credit! 
Donwyn Glyph Bundle I
Donwyn Glyph Bundle II
Solstice Acceltra Skin
Solstice Skiajati Skin
Solstice Kuva Cloak
Frostfall Ephemera
Our TennoBaum celebrations look a little different this year! Due to factors including The New War's December launch, we have opted to merge this year's TennoBaum & Star Days together in the month of February.
Festive accessories from TennoBaum 2020 will return as part of Ticker's Star Days offerings, and the TennoBaum tradition of donating will continue with a donation to a charity (to be announced on February 9) on behalf of the Warframe community. While no in-game gifting event and online tracker will occur this year, we'll also be taking the spirit of gift-giving into a special TennoBaum x Star Days livestream on February 10th, which will be our Prime Time gifting spectacular!
*As shown on Devstream #159, we have Lunar New Year celebrations coming soon! Stay tuned!
We rebuilt reflections across the entire game when Enhanced Graphics Engine is enabled to use modern high quality texture format which improves the quality and punch of gold, bronze, chrome, and other metallics. This change reduces the noise, makes them more vibrant, and ultimately more balanced overall. A lot to visually enjoy during your replay (or first playthrough!) of The New War!
Hold onto your seats: we've converted all Arsenal Screen rectangle icons to squares. This applies to places like the Arsenal, Operator, and Codex which previously used rectangular icons.
To provide some Dev insight: At the moment, we have literally thousands of duplicated icons. Each item had to support both displaying as a rectangle and as a square, but now that everything has been converted to squares, all the rectangle icons are soon to be deleted. Which will reduce the game file size once we hit the big delete button
stay tuned on that! In the meantime, if you see anything funky with icons (squished/stretched/cropped etc) please let us know.
The Options menu has been reworked to bring some new and reorganize the old! This is the beginning of our broader Options menu rework efforts that will continue in a near future Update, stay tuned!
NEW: Accessibility options now have their own tab! You'll find respective VIDEO and INTERFACE accessibility options now live here.
GAMEPLAY has been renamed to SYSTEM, and CHAT has been renamed to SOCIAL.
Moved all networking related options to System under a Network header
Moved all friend/gift/party request options to Social under a Privacy header
Moved all chat channel options to Social under a Chat header
Moved all chat appearance options to Social under a Chat Appearance header
DISPLAY has been renamed to VIDEO.
Added 3 new headers: Display, Graphics, and Advanced. Respective options have been moved within the headers.
 Added 3 new headers to the AUDIO tab: Sound, Sound Mixer, and Voice. Respective options have been moved within the headers.
Added 1 new header to the INTERFACE tab: User Interface (alongside HUD). Respective options have been moved within the headers.
Moved "Item Labels" into the "Customize UI Theme" screen.
In addition to the already existing Conservation method of Trail & Tranq, all species of animal on Orb Vallis can now be found ambiently in the wild! (Bolarola, Sawgaw, Kubrodon, Horrasque, Stover, Pobber, Vermink). Due to the endangered nature of the species, the rarest subspecies will still need to be tracked down by following their trails.
New Sky/Atmospheric technology brings a physically-plausible simulation based on time of day. Enhancing the atmospheric experience to feel more immersive and accurate when a time of day is represented. 
Improved visuals within the Cambion Drift landscape by comprehensive efforts to have less competing emissive values on foliage. This can be attributed to reduced spore particles and reduction in the overall red color the
Enemy reinforcements will now spawn more frequently during the Drone Hijack mission in the Plains of Eidolon Bounty to reduce down-time and increase density of enemies to defend from while running alongside the Drone. 
Simple reasoning here is to bring a bit more intensity to this Bounty to have your escorting efforts feel valued. 
Enemy reinforcements will now spawn more frequently in Exterminate and Assassinate missions in Plains of Eidolon Bounties.
Additionally, reinforcements that spawn in caves will now be more inclined to chase the player, instead of just patrolling idly without a care in the world. 
Unified the drop rate of each house's MK II and MK III weapons dropped from Corpus Crewships in Pluto Proxima and Corpus Veil Proxima regions to Uncommon (12.50%). 
Previously the Talyn and Vort MK III were Legendary drops with a 0.65% chance, while the others were Uncommon at a 24.35% drop chance. Vort and Talyn MK II were Rare with a 5.64% chance, while the others were Uncommon with 19.36%. Instead of having certain weapons in the same tier level weighing more than others in terms of rarity, there is now a far more equal drop chance across each weapon. 
Railjack Crew Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos can now Revive players and Crew!
Lavos' Vial Rush has been slightly changed in the name of performance. When casting Vial Rush zones from previous Vial Rush are removed but deal a one time damage proportional to their remaining duration.
You can now replace an existing Arrival Gate with another Gate located elsewhere in your Dojo should you choose to. Previously you had to destroy the original Arrival Gate in order to place a new one.
Amped up Nechramech summon FX and added summon animations. 
Improved Bow animation movement to better match sprint turn speed. 
Made some lighting updates to the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Updated the Orbiter Arsenal floor to make collision more accurate.
Improved frequency of rare tiles that almost never appear in some Grineer Shipyard tileset mission types.
Softened the look of hair/fur while using the Enhanced Graphics Engine option (Temporal AA remains unchanged). Refined look to the shading. 
Adjusted the Ogris and Kuva Ogris Nightwatch Napalm FX to be cleaner and use energy color consistently. 
Added Zarr alt-fire FX. 
Improved the colors in the waterfall FX in the Grineer Forest tileset. 
Changed Oberon's Passive description from 'buff' to 'link' since allied companions stats are calculated based on Oberon's. 
Made improvements and fixes to out-of-bounds & AI pathing in the Grineer Shipyards tileset. 
Increased the variety and randomization of the Cambion Drift underground tunnels to give the space a more lively feel. 
The Amalgam Furax Body Count Mod now applies a Blast proc and Stagger on Melee kills.
The original Mod description stated that "Melee kills knockdown enemies within 15m" but that functionality has been missing in-mission since Blast Status was changed in Update 27.2 to no longer knockdown enemies . In addition to the Blast Status, we have also added the stagger to restore its original function pre-Status overhaul. We have also updated the description to be more accurate to the Mod's function. 
Added locations for Gems, Ores, and their derived types to their descriptions.
Enemies will no longer throw grenades at adjacent walls when trying to hit an out-of-sight target. 
Toned down the brightness of Revenant's Mesmer Skin FX. It will also now be hidden while in Archwing.
Removed Parazon Finisher prompt on flying enemies, since they have to be grounded to become eligible for said Finisher. 
Added animations when performing Parazon Finishers on Crawlers. 
Converted the following weapons when used by enemies to PBR:
Glaxion
Jat Kittag
Vulkar 
Supra
 Improved how Pobbers and Kuakas handle sloped terrain. 
Gas City door scanners are now more lenient and their trigger has been narrowed.
Using the Arsenal will now mute background dialog from NPCs and Pets.

### Fixes
Scaled down the Captura controls list to cover less screen space. 
Fixed not being able to fine-tune the exposure setting in the Plains of Eidolon Captura Scene.
Fixed your Warframe's orientation quickly changing whenever the Captura Lighting Colour settings are changed.
Fixed some text overlap in longer languages in Captura screens.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Public Test Weekend for New War replay functionality (and possibly first-time Quest runs)! Over 200 testers shared their reports spanning the entire New War quest. We've done our best to focus on the larger issues, and those that affected replay functionality, in time for this mainline release. We have you to thank for the following issues being resolved:
Fixed misaligned Railjack when entering from Archwing during The New War Quest.
Fixed your Companion appearing in a cutscene in The New War Quest. 
Fixed holding a light incorrectly during certain parts of The New War Quest.
Fixed being in your default customizations in certain moments during the final mission of The New War Quest.
Fixed a group of Brachiolysts missing some of their Health in the first mission of The New War Quest. 
Fixed an infinite loading screen during a pivotal transition moment during The New War Quest.
Fixed a certain character's Orvius toss being titled 'Rip Line'. It is now titled 'Orvius Reach'.
We still have a number of reports that are being investigated, so expect more improvements to trickle in during future Hotfixes!
Fixed receiving all the Protovyre Armor evolved forms (Emergent and Apex) if you only purchased one of the Protovyre Armor parts. Full PSA here.
The Protovyre correction script has been run! The following has been implemented: 
Players who have evolved Protovyre parts in their account but did not purchase the base version of the part, have had the evolved versions removed. 
Challenge progress related to unlocking the evolving armor has not been affected.
Fixed Galvanized Mod "bonus Damage per Status" not functioning for numerous projectile weapons.
A previous change had them operate relative to "base damage" but the code was incorrectly getting base damage from the impact behavior rather than the projectile. This problem was pervasive and there are hundreds of weapons in our game! Please be patient and send updated reports if something slipped through our net.
Fixed crash with Dx12 enabled and skipping cinematics in The New War. 
Fixed an improbable crash that could occur in ultra-rare cases while Hosting.
Fixed functionality loss during the final mission in The New War Quest. 
Fixed functionality loss when using Shawzin and Transference at the same time.
Fixed functionality loss when using Shawzin and Navigation at the same time.
Fixed ability to start a Narmer Bounty in a pre-New War Plains session. This resulted in a handful of progression stoppers.
Fixed a crash when returning to Cetus/Fortuna while your Scanner was equipped. 
Fixed a rare Dx12 crash during The New War Quest related to a Transmission.
Fixed a permanent white screen during The New War Quest. 
Fixed a progression stopper in the Sister of Parvos Showdown fight where Client enemy Hounds remained indefinitely after Mercying. 
Fixed a softlock when attempting to customize a character in The New War Quest for the first time. 
Fixed missing Sentient Anomaly objective if the Public mission was started from the Liset.
Fixed a lack of enemy spawns in the Gas City Sabotage tileset, most noticeable when the tileset is selected for Sanctuary Onslaught. 
Fixed Plains of Eidolon Capture stage Bounty bonus failing if you kill enemies in the window of time after successfully capturing the target before rewards are given.
Fixed a Cache being buried in the terrain in the post-New War Plains.
Fixed Escort Drone attempting to path under a fallen tree in the post-New War Plains.
Fixed getting a black screen when a Client enters the Railjack Slingshot of the Host player.
Fixed Profit-Taker leg Health regenerating at times it shouldn't. As reported here: 
Fixed inability to hit ragdolling enemies with Yareli's Aquablades. 
Fixed large amount of spot-loading when spawning an On Call Kuva Lich.
Fixed heavy spot-loading on opening Contracts menu in Ticker's shop.
Fixed spot-loading any cosmetic you try to preview.
Fixed spot-loading unpurchased Stances when you tried to preview them.
Fixed spot-loading all the Colour Palettes when customizing a colour, and then spot-loading it again when selecting a Colour Palette.
Fixed spot-loading when viewing Crew members with customization attachments in the Contracts menu.
Fixed spot-loading when entering a Town Hub (Cetus, Fortuna and Necralisk). 
Fixed a spot-load when viewing Profile in Liset or Hub (possibly other places as well).
Fixed a noticeable hitch when activating the 'On Call' Gear item that could result in Host Migrations and disconnections.
Fixes towards Dojo hitches, mostly when coming back from Railjack mission and the Liset.
Fixed a black screen during the Apostasy Prologue Quest. 
Fixed The Maker Quest ending on a white screen.
Fixed inability to block with your Exalted Melee weapon if your normal Melee weapon has a Melee Combo built up and you're in exclusively Melee mode (no other weapons).
Fixed ability to unequip your Heavy Weapon with the weapon swap key after death and Revive while holding it. 
Fixed the vaulted Neo P2 Relic still dropping in Pluto Proxima Fenton's Field mission instead of the intended Harrow Prime Relics. 
Fixed various cases of Transference allowing you to clip through the level.
Fixed inability to fire your Amp when picking up a mission object (Datamass, Power Cell etc) as the Operator.
Fixed missing animations when carrying Datamass while using the Sirocco.
Fixed ability to block the Raptor inside of the Gravity Conveyor.
Fixed Guardian Eximus' (and potentially other enemies) getting stuck in certain stairways in the Jupiter Gas City tileset.
Fixed Preparation Mod not setting your max Energy after entering a Sanctuary Onslaught Conduit. 
Fixed Ventkids Syndicate indicating that you can Rank up when you're not actually eligible yet. 
Fixed Void Dashing and rolling in quick succession as a post-New War character resulting in becoming stuck in a broken animation.
Fixed a post-New War character being shown when replaying the cinematics of certain Quests.
Fixed rare case of "normal" enemies spawning in Mastery Rank tests that would then attack the fake enemies.
Fixed inability to spawn Deimos Saxum Eximus, Battalyst, Brachiolyst, Choralyst, Conculyst, Oculyst, and Symbilyst in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed Sortie Disruption missions never choosing to be on a lower level node in the Star Chart. 
Fixed Narmer enemies spawning too close to the gates of Cetus/Fortuna.
Fixed a UI error in the Arsenal when equipping the Flux Overdrive Mod on the Tenet Flux Rifle.
Fixed overly bright reflections when viewing the Railjack Star Chart.
Fixed seeing a PH name for a squadmates Hound if you joined the mission in progress.
Fixed missing Lotus VO when replaying The War Within Quest after completing The New War Quest. 
Fixed a few Venus Proxima Corpus enemy types having incorrect names (Shield Drone & Vapos Railgun Moa instead of Taro Shield Drone and Taro Railgun Moa).
Fixed wrong Kuva Lich transmission triggering which could also result in spot-loading.
Fixed overly bright metallics on the Saita Prime Operator Sleeves compared to the rest of the Suits design.
Fixed an unavoidable teleport volume spawning inside a Spy Vault on the Corpus Ship tileset. 
Fixed rare issue where an underground tunnel conflicted with geometry on the surface of Cambion Drift.
Fixed Operator not playing the chosen Animation Set when viewing a new one.
Fixed Javlok projectiles flying side-on to the direction of travel when the Renuntio Speargun Skin is equipped. Also fixes the same scenario for the Scourge/Scourge Prime with the Carcinus Speargun Skin equipped.
Fixed Grineer Exo Skold Crewships being manned by Kosma troops instead of Exo troops.
Fixed lingering lighting/FX in the Plains of Eidolon after completing The New War Quest. 
Fixed a distorted FX on the Teralysts footsteps. 
Fixed the Verv Ephemera appearing huge while in Archwing mode/Archwing dioramas in the Market.
Fixed Wisp missing her custom walk animation during certain moments in the Heart of Deimos Quest. 
Fixed a vehicle in Cetus having no collision. 
Fixed some places where players could get stuck/hung up on geometry in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed missing door frame on Sands of Inaros Quest. 
Fixed seeing water texture outside of its boundaries in the Mariana Earth tileset.
Fixed some overly bright reflections in the Jupiter gas City tileset.
Potential fix for hearing a high pitched sound when entering Orb Vallis.
Fixed a typo in a Daily Tribute message from Teshin. 
Fixed seeing double Helminth chair materials. 
Fixed Cambion Drift animals showing an empty gender stat in the Capture UI. The Infested animals do not have gender variants.
Fixed a cosmetic issue where being downed while only carrying Melee weapons would leave them looking holstered when somebody revived you. 
Fixed Clients seeing Armored Vault health bar grayed out in the 'Weaken the Grineer Foothold' Plains of Eidolon Bounty. 
Fixed inability to use the same binding to open/close the Tactical menu while piloting Railjack. 
Fixed Ivara's Cloak Arrow not attaching to your own Companions. 
Fixed case of escaping the Grineer Settlement tileset bounds. 
Fixed waypoints in Volatile and Orphix missions appearing out of place when entering Railjack Slingshot. 
Fixed Hijack Rover health drain being displayed as -10s instead of -10. 
Fixed the frontal part of the Left Templar Prime Sleeves appearing darker than the right. 
Fixed dying as Operator in the Mastery Rank 24 test respawning you as a mini Excalibur. 
Fixed being unable to cycle Grendel's Nourish options if you don't have Energy to cast it.
Fixed the Voidrig Necramech missing its corn cob bodice in the in-game Market diorama. 
Fixed audio reverb position being attached to player eye position instead of camera position. 
Fixed Railjack hologram staying the default blue color after returning to your Obiter from a Relay or Town Hub (if you had changed the color). 
Fixed enemies held by Xaku's Gaze attempting to attack friendly units (Specters, Crewmates, or other players' companions). 
Fixed the Protovyre Syandana not attaching correctly to the Volt Electrolyst Skin. 
Fixes towards Warframes having weird head movement during Vor's Prize Quest. 
Fixed FX missing on Staff ends when using the Samadhi Staff Skin while Wukong's Primal Fury is active. 
Fixed misaligned UI animations in the themed Arcane Manager screen. 
Fixed Glass Shard in the Galleon being able to be scanned before you complete the Spy Vault in Saya's Vigil quest. 
Fixed NPCs in their idle patrol behavior sometimes being unable to path correctly. 
Fixed Warframe clipping into the Codex table when installing the Communication segment during Vor's Prize. 
Fixed the Grineer pod launcher cannon not working in Grineer-to-Corpus ship Invasion / Crossfire missions.
Fixed inconsistent behavior between K-Drive grinding with/without the Velocipod skin.
Also fixed some inconsistency with K-Drive speed with/without the skin. 
Fixed light flickering issues near one of the windows in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed Yareli's bubbles' FX being overly bright. 
Fixed broken loc tag on the Mark of the Beast Mod. 
Fixed broken camera angle obscuring puzzle elements in the Lua Music Puzzle room. As reported here:
Fixed enemy teleporting while performing a stealth kill with a Two-Handed Nikana (Tatsu, Pennant, etc.). 
Fixed rain VFX being so thick that it makes it hard to see in the Awakening Quest. 
Fixed being able to hit negative Modding capacity after hitting the cap and then upgrading an equipped Mod beyond capacity as a Mastery Rank Legendary 1 player. 
Fixed seeing a "honey i shrunk the kids" Operator when attempting to customize while standing in front of Onkko's table. 
Fixed sometimes seeing jittery Wisp Motes.
Fixed losing the HUD when equipping Shawzin at the same time as K-Drive.
Fixed equipped Kavat or Kubrow lifting us its forelimb when swapping between Pets. 
Fixed some colored emissive materials rendering as pure white in the Gas City tileset. 
Fixed Clients seeing both Wyrm active when in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed some funky looking water in the Orokin tilesets. 
Fixed a sound build up when using Mirage's Eclipse with Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed 'Iron Wake' Star Chart text overlapping with 'Mantle' for numerous languages. 
Fixed blinding teleport light in the Corpus Railjack 'Seven Sirens' mission.
Fixed the Tenno Lab in the Dojo having incorrect glass textures.
Fixed a script error when casting Grendel's Feast ability. 
Fixed Foliage Decoration having a visible name tag when looking at it in Dojo.
Fixed numerous UI screens (Syndicate Rank, Dojo Room Construction, Helminth feeding, etc) being illegible when a lighter UI Theme is equipped.
Fixed 'Prelude to War' not appearing when searching it in the Codex.
Fixed a Fortuna Fragment spawning inside geometry after completing The New War Quest. 
Fixed an erroneous space in the Helminth UI which could result in misaligned cursor selection zone.
Fixed dimmed/black screen if you skipped a cutscene at a certain moment during The New War Quest. 
Fixed some foliage clipping during a cinematic in The New War Quest. 
Fixed Orphix not despawning during the first mission of The New War Quest. 
Fixed certain characters having something on their face after completing The New War Quest and attempting to play the Vox Solaris Quest. 
Fixed odd movement animation when entering Void mode and rolling at the same time.
Fixed all players seeing a fade in/out FX each time sometime enters or exits the Railjack.

## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.11
**Date:** 2022-01-25T18:57:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.10
**Date:** 2022-01-20T20:50:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The New War: Hotfix 31.0.10:
Reskinned the Captura Settings UI screen to provide an updated look!
A continuation of the ongoing UI Reskin efforts noted in Updated 30.9.0.

### Fixes
Fixed a Dx12 crash when switching between Fullscreen and Windowed.
Fixed a Dx12 crash that could occur in The War Within Quest if Enhanced Rendering was enabled.
Fixed multiple spots where the Drone could get stuck during its escort in the post-New War Plains of Eidolon. 
Please let us know if the Drone continues to get stuck post-Hotfix. Screenshots are much appreciated! 
Fixed a Companion weapon not applying all equipped Upgrades if they are valid for the weapon's current configuration but the weapon has a capacity upgrade and the Companion does not.
Fixed Corpus Outpost tilesets with snow having black snow falling in their outdoor segments.
Fixed incorrectly sized 'X' button callout in the Dojo Room Options screen.
Fixed camera not panning out when attempting to view different Orbiter Appearances. 
Fixed a script error after purchasing the Orbiter Captura Scene and then attempting to use it.

## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.9
**Date:** 2022-01-20T14:12:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.8.1
**Date:** 2022-01-12T22:59:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.8
**Date:** 2022-01-12T21:06:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.7
**Date:** 2022-01-07T15:20:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.6
**Date:** 2022-01-04T20:03:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The New War: Hotfix 31.0.6:
Another post-New War Quest item is available in Simaris' Offerings for those who sell theirs.

### Fixes
Fixed the Saita Prime Suit from Varzia's Wares (Prime Resurgence) not giving the base Suit, and instead giving 2 Hoods. 
We ran a script this morning to fix accounts that didn't receive the Saita Prime Suit and will run it again now that this Hotfix is live to catch any accounts that need resolving. Original PSA can be found here. 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur on the login screen if the previously logged in account was at a different The New War Quest stage.
Fixed Virtuous Arcanes not functioning for a post-The New War character. 
Fixed inability to complete/progress Challenges in the Plains of Eidolon after you've completed The New War Quest. 
Fixed incorrect Rescue Target Transmission name if you've completed The New War Quest. 
Fixed Orb Vallis Jailers not dropping Data Keys or being marked the second time you had the Rescue Bounty stage at the same location in one session.
This fix did not fully take. We've reopened the issue and will investigate for a fix.
Fixed Excavation Cell Carrier spawning issues in Open Zones after completing The New War Quest.
Fixed the Knells unlimited ammo not functioning after you've Transferred to the Operator.
Fixed Unstable Lunaro shots no longer entering the goal. 
Fixed a T-pose moment during The New War Quest. 
Fixed overly bright FX on a post-New War acquired weapon. 
Fixed missing glow FX on the Dual Kamas Prime.
Fixed missing ceiling in The New War Quest if you skipped a certain cutscene. 
Fixed weapons not functioning after rapidly casting the Dispensary ability via Helminth Subsume. 
Fixed deactivating Caliban's Razor Gyre while in the middle of a dash resulting in your altitude becoming stuck.
Fixed seeing a ghost of the Star Chart on certain PCs. 
Fixed seeing a LOC string when trying to create a Mod Link to a modular weapon and that item does not have a Catalyst applied to it.
Fixed Invite and Gift name entry box having an excessive character limit.
Fixed some Resources displaying a purchase quantity when in reality you can't purchase it. 
Fixed seeing white explosion FX when a Crewship explodes in Railjack. 
Fixed a script error that could occur related to Caliban's Passive.

## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.5
**Date:** 2021-12-21T20:49:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The New War: Hotfix 31.0.5:
Polished numerous animations in The New War Quest.

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopper in the finale of The New War Quest.
To resolve this we had to backout a previous fix (will revisit for a proper fix):
Fixed ability to carry Data Masses and your Primary weapon at the same time
you should switch to your Secondary as intended now. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when mission loading goes bad in Open Worlds.
Fixed inability to complete the Mastery Rank 24 Test if you had a certain post-New War thing equipped. 
Fixed some black screens occurring during The New War Quest. 
Fixed inability to cycle the Profit Taker's current Shield vulnerability with the Sirocco. 
Fixed Harrow Prime not giving weapon passive bonus (additional shot in the magazine) to the Knell/Knell Prime.
Fixed Knell Prime not displaying correctly when Dual Wielding.
Fixed a New War Captura Scene doing unintentional damage to the Operator. 
Fixed a "table" clipping issue when skipping a cinematic in The New War Quest. 
Fixed for missing atmospheric FX in the Orb Vallis during The New War Quest.
Fixed a floating texture in the post-New War Plains. 
Fixed a script error when using a Specter.

## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.4
**Date:** 2021-12-21T16:59:03Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.3
**Date:** 2021-12-17T21:26:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.2
**Date:** 2021-12-16T01:39:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The New War: Hotfix 31.0.1
**Date:** 2021-12-15T21:57:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
The New War: Hotfix 31.0.1
Changes:
Players who purchased a Railjack but haven't installed their Reliquary Key are now eligible to play The New War Quests.
This fixes players who had yet to install the Reliquary Key being locked out of The New War until they did so.
Fixes:
Fixed a crash after login during The New War Quest.
Fixed a crash when attempting to waypoint an Ayatan Sculpture.
Fixes towards The New War Quest that are too spoilery to denote at this moment. 
Fixed players who may have been in a UI-locked state and unable to place other Decorations after placing The New War Community Displays. 
Fixed harmless script error when migrating on the Fish catch screen.
Fixed a script error when a Crew Member Transmission attempted to trigger.
Fixed a handful of script errors when casting Abilities. 
Fixed missing Localization.

## Update 31: The New War
**Date:** 2021-12-15T14:23:13Z | **Type:** Update
## Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.5
**Date:** 2021-11-18T18:38:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.4
**Date:** 2021-11-16T18:58:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.3
**Date:** 2021-11-12T21:13:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.3:
Made a micro-optimization to some AI code.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue with the scale of player's Dojo Decorations that were already placed prior to Update 30.9. We have a lot more work to do to square away issues with new and existing things
apologies, and thanks for your patience.
A technical post mortem for the interested, previously we would only save the object scale of a decoration if it was not 1.
In the 30.9 update, this changed to saving the scale of an object if it was not default.
The problem is that some (about half a dozen that we've found) decorations have a default size that is not 1.
So their scale in old Dojos was never saved, and was now incorrectly assumed to be default.
The Dojo's actual decoration data never changed, we were just reading it in a new way that was logically incorrect.
Fixed the following decorations not scaling correctly: 
Alloy Plate
Argon Crystal
Circuits
Control Module
Ferrite
Gallium
Morphics
Nano Spores
Neural Sensor
Neurodes
Orokin Cell
Plastids
Polymer Bundle
Rubedo
Salvage
Vitus Essence
Improvements toward an issue with the new Dojo Arrival Gate item that caused players using it to fall through the floor due to load order (this only occurred in busy dojos).
May still happen in rare cases, we will continue to fine tune
The Arrival Gate now has an immediate build time.
Fixes:
Fixed the context menu text being blurry when Chat Text size is set to small.
Fixed inability to roll while using Nyx's Assimilate Augment on controller or a custom roll keybind. 
Fixed an issue that could break a player's Railjack HUD. 
Fixed wonky Female Operator faces when using certain Animation Stances.
Fixed Convergence Orbs spawning when you didn't have a Lens equipped. 
Fixed a script error related to Kuva Liches doing Finishers. 
Fixed further issues with Kuva LIches and certain power combinations when cast on player Companions. 
Fixed a script error related to Operators gaining Affinity.
Fixed an issue where Domestik Drones weren't maintaining their placed Size while moving. 
Fixed an issue with hovering over certain colour buttons causing game hangs and issues. 
Fixed a script error related to Nezha's Blazing Chakram.
Fixed potential crash as Client when Host is stabbing Kuva Lich.

## Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.2
**Date:** 2021-11-11T19:53:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.2:

### Fixes
Fixed a widespread livelock that occurred every time you hovered on a UI element that brought forth a dropdown (Active Boosters, etc).
Fixed livelock that could occur when fusing Operator Arcanes and using all of your remaining unranked in one operation.
Fixed a crash that could occur during a Host migration.
Fixed Excavation HUD formatting appearing squished. 
Fixed a Quest objective in 'The New Strange' not being localized. 
Fixed a script error due to a description error on the Wild Frenzy Mod when playing in some languages.
Fixed harmless script error that could occur when fighting Ambulas
Fixed several drop-down menus not functioning in the Inventory, Helminth Lab, Void Relic Manager etc.

## Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.1
**Date:** 2021-11-11T17:28:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Prime Resurgence: Hotfix 30.9.1
Changes:
Disabled the Thai language from the Launcher
it's not ready just yet!!
Fixes:
Fixed getting stuck in indefinite loading situations when playing the game in Traditional Chinese.
Fixed a softlock when trying to change Loadout Glyph. 
Fixed Archwing Ascend and Aim being bound to the same button for controllers.
Players who did not get the paired bindings should not get them in future. If you were affected by this bug in the time between our 10:00 am deploy and this Hotfix, you will need to go to Options>Controls, click on Customize Controller menu. Reset to Defaults then save. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when selecting a Helminth Invigoration. 
Fixed a script error that could occur at End of Mission. 
Fixed a script error when playing Excavation in relation to number formatting.

## Update 30.9.0: Prime Resurgence
**Date:** 2021-11-11T13:33:32Z | **Type:** Update
## Nights of Naberus: Hotfix 30.8.3
**Date:** 2021-10-18T17:04:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Nights of Naberus: Hotfix 30.8.2
**Date:** 2021-10-13T19:53:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nights Of Naberus: Hotfix 30.8.2:
Updated the Vastilok to be eligible for Trading.
Updated the Eximus projection FX (red aura outline) to be brighter for visibility. 
Updated the 'CUSTOMIZE POSTER' screen UI. 
This is a small part of our broader UI reskin efforts that will continue in a near future Update, stay tuned!
Optimized the Strain Consume Mod; even on a good PC it could cost 2.5ms in large levels (especially Railjack) and more if the mission ran long (eg: Survival).
Improved quality of in-game Frame Rate stats.
Made numerous small optimizations to Void Fissure and Void Storm missions.
Made micro-optimizations to Railjack framerate and HUD.
Made micro-optimizations to Defense missions.

### Fixes
Fixed Kuva not being obtained at End of Mission if the Kuva Catalyst was inserted while Yareli was on Merulina. 
Fixed Mutalist Alad V collar creating a duplicate Warframe instead of just Mind Control.
Fixing some Sentients not dropping their energy-restoring core items after changes to their FX.
Fixed missing UI duration timer for Banish when cast by a Warframe other than Limbo, via Helminth Subsume. As reported here: 
Fixed turning on and off Nidus Prime's Mutation in the Arsenal causing his torso to disappear. 
Fixed triggering Mirage's Hall of Malevolence Augment in Archwing mode resulting in an incorrect buff name.
Fixed disarming a Deimos Tendril Drone with Loki's Disarm or with a Halikar, resulting in a floating shock baton appearing above the enemy.
Fixed some explosion FX appearing white during the Profit-Taker Orb fight.
Fixed a handful of script errors when casting Warframe Abilities.

## Nights of Naberus: Hotfix 30.8.1
**Date:** 2021-10-06T19:47:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nights Of Naberus: Hotfix 30.8.1:
Updated the description of the 2020 Conquera Glyph.
Updated to Frost Prime Passive description with the "Prime" indication to avoid confusion.

### Fixes
Fixed the UI becoming unresponsive for some players when opening the Warframe Animations menu. As reported here: 
Fixed Mercy animation not properly playing when performed on Sister Hound.
Fixed excessively bright explosion FX from the Shedu and Acceltra.
Fixed having an unranked weapon Arcane left equipped after combining all Arcanes of that type into a new one.
Fixed issues with the Voidrig's Necraweb canister not appearing correctly for Client players.
Fixed enemies not having facial expressions while attacking. As reported here:

## Nights of Naberus: Update 30.8.0
**Date:** 2021-10-04T18:05:14Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Nights Of Naberus: Update 30.8.0:
Daughter has dressed for the occasion in her most gruesome Naberus accoutrements and set up a shop full of festive wares in the Necralisk on Deimos.
Stop by for a visit and exchange Mother Tokens for all-new Naberus treats like the monstrously macabre Nyctalus Ephemera! Daughter's offerings have been expanded this year to include additional Customizations, as well as Blueprints for some delightfully devilish Weapons.
Naberus Rewards include:
Nyctalus Ephemera
Stalker Noggle 
Basmu Blueprint
Ceti Lacera Blueprint
Ballroom Simulacrum Scene
When Nights of Naberus begins, check out the new Gruesome Glyph Bundle in the in-game Market, as well as an assortment of returning Day of the Dead Customizations including discounted Skins, Syandanas and Armor. And add some festive fearfulness to your Fashion Frame with a traditional Dullahan Mask and Halloween Color Palette, available for 1 Credit each!
The Ghoulsaw Blueprints have been added to the Bash Lab in the Dojo for Research. Additionally, the Butcher's Revelry Stance has been added to the Ghoul Rictus drop table (as indicated here).
Dullahan Mask now fits in the Helmet slot, instead of being an "Auxiliary" customization.
This also fixes the spooky bug of having a headless Warframe once the Dullahan Mask is removed.
Made FX improvements to Blast proc explosions. Additionally the explosion FX for Concealed Explosives and Thunderbolt have been updated.
Updated 'From On High' Challenge description to include Orb Vallis and the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a rare crash in the Presence, Relay, Town, and Dojo servers.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur if you put your laptop to sleep immediately during game startup.
Fixed a case of memory corruption that could cause all kinds of weird crashes.
Made micro-optimizations to memory footprint and rendering on all platforms.
Made micro-optimizations to level loading.
Made a micro-optimization for Windows.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to Mercy downed Hounds.
Fixed a functionality loss that could occur as a result of using the Helminth chair.
Fixed Clients seeing open weak spots on Sargas Ruk but deal 0 damage after initially dealing some damage.
Fixed Eidolon Lures not having a base level of 30 in non-Steel Path missions.
Fixed the Tenet Tetra semi-auto mode breaking if a -magazine capacity Riven is equipped. As reported here:
Fixed incorrect duration/debuff percent values being used for Theorem Contagion.
Fixed magazine of the Ambassador flickering after reloading when equipped with the Ambassador Tenet Skin.
Fixed missing reload sounds when the Nusku Pistol Skin is equipped.
Fixed some overlapping textures on the Ogris Unreal Rocket Launcher Skin.
Fixed Void Sabotage portal appearing grey. 
Fixed Sisterhood Emblem icon appearing stretched in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the Prime Laser Rifle icon image in the Inventory appearing the same as its normal variant.
Fixed incorrect Armor positioning when equipping the Hexis Armor to Inaros Prime.
Fixed top row of the Relic selection screen being cut off if a Chat Linked item was opened while present in the Relic screen. As reported here:
Fixed a harmless script error that would occur if you deployed a Spector or On Call Crew member right as you entered Railjack warp.

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.6
**Date:** 2021-09-23T20:34:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.6:
Removed Sortie tool-tip description in favour of just 'SORTIE'. The tool-tip description didn't provide much insight is visible directly below if you click the tab. 'SORTIE' title is consistent with the other World State Window tab tool-tips and now actually identifies that tab.
Reduced/refined volume of Mining detect sound loop.
Reduced volume of the Corinth Prime Alt Fire projectile range beep.
Optimized hitches that would occur when flying into a mission in DirectX 12.

### Fixes
Fixed game hitches / spot-loading that could occur after executing a Sister's Hound.
Fixed inability to Host a game session after aborting from an Open Zone session as the Host. 
Fixed sometimes not getting Bounty rewards (Standing) after a Host migration. 
Fixed a case of an Adversary dashing off the edge of the level and disappearing with no chance to Parazon (most commonly seen in the Gas City tileset).
Fixed a broken Text String for Xaku's Blueprint information in the Market.
Fixed Nekros' Shadows having the finisher UI and health bars if revived after using a finisher move.
Fixed an issue where you could still do a Mercy kill on a Mind Controlled enemy, except the damage from it was delayed meaning you could perform it over and over.
Fixed certain Arcane HUD elements not having the proper icon scaling. 
Fixed Mission Timers on sequential missions not starting at 0. 
Fixed an issue where the Ambassador's magazine would get stuck to player's hands if you interrupted the reload.
Fixed an issue where Client players teleport to Excalibur Umbra when using Transference. 
(Might still happen in rare circumstances where multiple people are using their operator at the same time, work is ongoing)
Fixed the Tenet Diplos reverting to a packed/holstered configuration when trying to customize with skins. 
Fixed Vulpaphyla 'Sentinel' form not retaining colour customizations.
Fixed units that are not 'part' of a Steel Path mission not having proper level scaling (i.e Teralysts, Lures, Vomvalysts). 
Fixed Sargas Ruk's Assassination fight stages being skippable by a strong Client loadout. 
We're looking into an issue where Clients deal 0 damage to weak spots after initially dealing some damage. 
Fixed an issue that could allow Primary Weapon use on Merulina.
Fixed several script errors. 
Fixed Ambassador Parts not being chat-linkable.
Fixed the Cedo having missing weapon sounds when using a Skin. 
Fixed Syndicate Rank indicator display issues after seeing a Negative rank in a Syndicate. 
Fixed Golden Maws being unalerted during [SPOILERS] phase in the [SPOILERS] Quest. 
Fixed menus becoming unresponsive if a certain order of menus were clicked. 
Fixed Grineer enemies hiding behind cover for too long.
Fixed Selling a Hound/Adversary weapon in the Foundry leaving behind its tile until after a refresh of the Foundry.
Fixed overly slow Bullet Jump landing recovery if the animation is interrupted.

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.5
**Date:** 2021-09-16T20:15:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.5:
Rictus' Wrath Combo
Added guaranteed Slash status on second hit
Increased damage multiplier from 2 to 3 of the third attack
Increased damage multiplier from 3 to 4 of the fourth attack
Rip 'n Ride Combo
Increased damage multiplier of second hit in the attack from 1 to 2
Increased damage multiplier of the final hit in the attack from 2 to 3
Reciprocator Combo
Increased the damage multiplier of the first two hits of the first attack from 0.5 to 1
Increased the damage multiplier of the fourth hit in the first attack from 1 to 2
Added a guaranteed Slash proc to the third hit in the second attack
Increased the damage multiplier of the final hit in the second attack from 3 to 4
This means that as you're engaging with Combos for all things Ghoulsaw, you'll be dealing more and more damage. We wanted to increase the lethality of all things Ghoulsaw after reading player feedback, and felt the Combos themselves were the best place to buff a big batch of numbers to encourage use of the full gamut of moves! This also makes it so well into the future, other weapons in this class that share the Stance would have this baseline power.
Made micro-optimizations to reduce hitches in DirectX 12.
Made a micro-optimization to rendering.
Tweak elemental weapon FX to bring unification across elemental combos.
Reskinned the Customization screen for the Note Beacon Decoration to reflect a more Vitruvian style.

### Fixes
Fixed the Verv Ephemera FX being too transparent around the stomach area. You should see the FX more prominently now!
Fixed inability to engage the Sepulcrum's Alt Fire mode while aiming.
Fixed Kuva Ayanga firing projectiles back on the player with maximum Fire Rate.
Fixed Nidus Prime Larva not using custom colors.
Fixed Revenant Mephisto Collection diorama in the Market missing the rear-cape detail. 👀
Fixed Xaku, Titania and Gara not having a Blueprint hint button in the Market. 
Fixed not being able to scroll when viewing items displayed in the Leverian.

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.4
**Date:** 2021-09-14T18:40:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.4:
Replaced the Perrin Sequence Sacrifice of Atlas Prime Chassis (recently Vaulted) with the Ivara Prime Systems. As reported here: 
A side-out pickup UI notification will now appear when picking up a Relic dropped from the Hemocyte (similar to the Agon pickup UI notification).
Made systemic micro-optimizations to rendering on all platforms.
Made several micro-optimizations to DirectX 12 rendering.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue that was causing some Epic transactions to not be fulfilled.
Those affected will be fixed upon login!
Fixed inability to use a Nidus Helminth Invigoration on Nidus Prime. 
Unfortunately this will only affect future Invigoration Offerings, if you already have a "bad" Offering for the wrong Nidus this will not correct it.
Fixed Conservation animals becoming stuck levitating instead of being taken away if another player joined-in-progress. 
Fixed inability to edit Locpin icon. As reported here: 
Fixed Defection Hack panel remaining lit and objective marker persisting after Client player uses a Cipher.
Fixed Boosters not including hours left when above 1 day remaining. 
Fixed Transmissions overlapping with the Daily Tribute screen. 
Fixed Clan Management menu appearing after inviting new Clan members by alias.

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.3
**Date:** 2021-09-10T20:32:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.3:
Excavation missions will now timeout like many other game modes if Excavation progress is not being made. This addresses an exploit within the Steel Path, and Excavation itself for AFK gain.

### Fixes
Fixed Infested enemy spawns in Plague Star fleeing to Cetus when attempting to play the Bounty back to back. 
Fixed missing Helminth Invigoration pips. This was purely a UI bug and did not remove any Invigoration progress. 
Fixed equipping most Skins to Nidus Prime resulting in the Mutation effects not working and there will visibly be pieces missing. 
Fixed the Helminth Infirmary doors not opening for Nidus Prime for players who do not own the Helminth Segment.
Fixed Valkyr's Rip Line animation being broken. 
Fixed HDR mode not being initialized correctly if the game started in borderless mode.
Fixed inability to Sell Hound/Adversary weapons in the Foundry when using a controller.

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.2
**Date:** 2021-09-09T22:09:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Added the ability for Yareli to perform Merulina's new Dashing movement when using a Controller (default: tap LB).
Crouch/Slide/Roll binding on LB
Hold = grind/twist
Tap = dash
Sprint/Roll on LB
Hold = Sprint
Tap = dash

### Fixes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.2
If you've engaged in the Adversary hunts with Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos, your Foundry might be suffering from some unavoidable clutter. The amount of Hounds and weapons sitting in your Foundry have grown to not only take up room in your list but also within the database itself!
To alleviate this clutter, you can now Sell a Hound and/or Adversary weapon directly from your Foundry without having to claim the item and use a Slot, granting yourself some Credits! Get cleaning up your (H)Foundry. Ordis' orders!
Known issue: The button to sell your Hound or weapon will not work if you are using a Controller to use the Foundry
Fixed several rare crashes that could occur when running DirectX 12 on a slower machine.
Fixed an extremely precise Loki Switch Teleport on the Plague Star Escort Drone resulting in ability to skip most of the third Bounty stage wherein players were sending the Drone off-navigation into a Sniper Tower as an exploit.
Fixed Melee Ground Slams not traveling to targeted spot due to being affected by gravity.
Fixed becoming unarmed after mounting and flying the Ropalolyst into the generator.
Fixed Weapons stolen by the Drahk Master cannot be recovered.
Fixed Revenant Mephisto Skin materials not appearing wet in the rain ;) .
Fixed Sargas Ruk's Health becoming vulnerable at incorrect moments.
Fixed Operator motion blur problems.
Fixed line breaks not happening where spaces are used in languages that don't typically use spaces.
Fixed Crafting finish sound not playing when triggered close together.
Sentients taking Status Effects is now intentional. In preparation for The New War, we've been looking into polishing up and tweaking Sentients in general; this includes the new glowing visual effects on some of them that you may have noticed!
Sentients don't only adapt, they may even evolve as well...
Previously, Sentients adapting to your damage types could have led to fights drawing out just a little too long at all levels of gameplay. This change allows it so that you don't need to rely solely on high Critical Chance / Critical Damage weapons to take them out. Time to break out the Stug!

## Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.1 + 30.7.1.1
**Date:** 2021-09-08T22:07:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.1:
Removed the Ghoulsaw from Conclave eligibility.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that could occur when changing graphics settings.
Fixed a serious problem with the Launcher where it would silently ignore failures and let the game load with missing content.
Fixed memory corruption that could occur just before crashing when running out of texture-streaming memory.
Fixed Nidus Prime's body appearing incomplete when applied to the Mastery Rank 30 Blessing Relay statue.
Fixed Nidus Prime missing half his body when he is in Railjack Turrets.
Fixed Nidus Tennogen Skins showing too many Prime body parts with Prime Details enabled.
Fixed the Transmission that plays when an Ally Kuva Lich/Sister spawns not actually showing the correct Adversary for Clients. This also could result in a big spot-load.
Fixed seeing double swords in Revenant Mephisto diorama.
Fixed unintended Font changes when playing Warframe in SC/TC/JA/KO languages.
Fixed script error when an Infested Leaper dies mid-leap.
Fixed script error when Grineer Powerfists die during the cast animation of their ground pound.
Fixed script error that could occur if a Sentient enemy was killed during its arm-regeneration animation.
Fixed numerous script errors when encountering the Jordas Golem.
Fixed a script error when casting Nidus' Ravenous with Insatiable Augment equipped.
Nidus Prime & Plague Star: Hotfix 30.7.1.1
Fixed Warframe players who use controllers managed through Steam being unable to play properly. We are pushing out a fix just for this since it's quite an impactful bug for any Controller + Steam players
apologies!

## Update 30.7: Nidus Prime & Plague Star
**Date:** 2021-09-08T16:58:55Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added Paracesis Sheath Orbiter decoration! 
Inspired by the conversation had with its original creator (Kaz) during TennoCon 2021's Art Panel. It can now be purchased from Cephalon Simaris after completing the Chimera Prologue Quest.

### Changes
Update 30.7: Nidus Prime & Plague Star:
Watch the Nidus Prime Trailer here!
Infest. Outlive. And ultimately, overrun your enemies with Nidus Prime Access!
Nidus Prime combines Tenno technology with the grotesque resiliency of the Infested. Extract the Relics containing Nidus Prime Blueprints by playing Operation: Plague Star starting September 8 as well as the usual sources for Void Relics such as Relic Packs and Void Missions.
Nidus Prime
Mutation is endless. The ravening plague-bearer returns in a long-unseen form, seething with a primal strain of the Infestation. Features altered Mod polarities for greater customization.
Strun Prime
A classic shotgun design, embellished for the elite as only the Orokin could. Features altered Mod polarities for greater customization.
Magnus Prime
Orokin elegance meets formidable stopping power in this exquisite revolver. Features altered Mod polarities for greater customization.
Exclusive Nidus Prime Glyphs
Nidus Prime Accessories!
Infested Orbiter Decorations: These encrusted surfaces and drooping growths give your Orbiter's interior the haunting atmosphere of an Infested derelict.
Karnolyth Necramech Skin: Make your Necramech even more fearsome with this Skin, based on early experimental designs that employed outer casings of Infested bone and meat.
Crinoid Prime Syandana: Beauty and dread combine in this unique Infested Syandana, alive with swaying gilded tentacles.
90-Day Resource 90-Day and Affinity Boosters
When Nidus Prime enters Prime Access, the following items will be entering the Prime Vault.
Atlas Prime
Tekko Prime
Dethcube Prime
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Arbiters of Hexis Sacrifice of Atlas Prime Systems with Titania Prime Helmet.
Replaced Cephalon Suda Sacrifice of Atlas Prime Chassis with Inaros Prime Chassis.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Nidus Prime Access begins September 8 on PC, Xbox, PlayStation and Nintendo Switch. Prepare for the Infestation to take root in your Arsenal, Tenno:
Riven Disposition Changes:
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers. See the full Disposition changes here:
PLAGUE STAR
Plague Star has returned and runs from Sept 8 at 2pm ET to Sept 30 at 2pm ET, Tenno!
"The Thrax Toxin! The Tenno maggots want my toxin! STOP THEM!"
Vay Hek
The infested boil that once threatened the Plains has grown back, uglier and more putrid than before. According to the Ostrons, Infested lifeforms are emerging from it. We need to act now before the Infested make their way to Cetus.
Vay Hek possesses a toxin that can destroy the boil at the meteorite crash site, but he refuses to help. He sees it as a means to destroy Cetus and the Ostron colony. We need to get ahold of his toxin and destroy the boil before it becomes unstoppable.
WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
Speak to Konzu in Cetus to begin running the Plague Star Bounty.
Complete the series of Bounty Missions, and you'll earn Operational Supply Standing to shop for the Event Rewards.
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
The more Bounties you complete, the more standing you'll earn toward the Operational Supply Syndicate!
Nakak, the oddities vendor, represents the Operational Supply Syndicate.
Operational Supply Syndicate Standing from the previous event has been carried forward!
The Plague Star Bounty starts with enemies in the Medium difficulty range, but you can increase the event difficulty by purchasing and mixing the Eidolon Phylaxis from Nakak into Vay Hek's Toxin.
EVENT REWARDS
Earn exciting Rewards in a variety of ways in this Operation:
Complete Konzu's Bounty and earn Operational Supply Standing. Nidus Prime Relics can be found in these Bounties as well as in their normal areas.
Work together with your Clan during the event for Trophies and glory!
Visit Nakak in Cetus to spend your Operational Supply Standing on these Potential Rewards:
Event Emblem
Show off your event participation with this meteor-themed Emblem.
Mods
Mod rewards include the Fulmination Mod and the Sacrifice Mod.
Infested Zaw Components
Modular pieces that can be used to create a gruesome Zaw.
Snipetron
High-quality Corpus sniper rifle that was previously retired from the game.
Infested Zaw Arcanes
New buffs to enhance your Zaw weapons.
Eidolon Phylaxis
Equip to earn more Standing and increase event difficulty.
NEW: Ghoulsaw & Butcher's Revelry Stance!
This first-of-its-kind Assault Saw can be yours today, Tenno!
Rip, tear, and rend with the nightmarish Ghoulsaw and Butcher's Revelry Stance.
*Obtain the Ghoulsaw from Nakak's offerings in Plague Star or in the Market for Platinum.
Rip and rend with this Assault Saw Stance.
*Obtain Butcher's Revelry from Nakak's offerings in Plague Star. These items will be added to the game in a future Update after Plague Star Leaves!
Embrace Revenant's hybrid nature with a bold new form and dwell in the eternal twilight between realms.
*Similar to the Ember Pyraxis Attachments, the Revenant Mephisto Skin has a removable Syandana (more so a cape in this scenario) that can be equipped on either normal Revenant or Revenant Mephisto Skin. This Syandana is Exclusive to Revenant just as other Deluxe Skins attachments are exclusive to them. Please note that the "energy beard" on the original Revenant Helmet gets removed when the Mephisto Syandana is equipped due to excessive clipping. One could say we had to clip the beard.
ORISON TWO-HANDED NIKANA SKIN
Take up a sacred duty and defend the treasures of the Void with this weapon skin.
REVENANT MEPHISTO OPERATOR COLLECTION
Take on a touch of the devil with these Revenant Mephisto Operator accessories.
Includes the Revenant Mephisto Diadem, and Revenant Mephisto Mask.
**Please note this is in the Market as a separate Collection as not to spoil things for those who want Mephisto who do not yet have The Second Dream or War Within complete. This follows the precedent from other Deluxe bundles (Zephyr Harrier, etc).
REVENANT MEPHISTO COLLECTION
Dwell in the eternal twilight with Revenant's haunting Mephisto collection.
Includes Revenant Mephisto Skin, Revenant Mephisto Helmet, and Orison Two-Handed Nikana Skin.
Yareli improvements are here, Tenno!
We have 2 areas that are being buffed: Stats, and Utility.
While many Tenno have hoped for more Stat buffs (which we have here!), the Utility Buffs are really something to behold for the usability or Merulina.
We are introducing a foundational change to her movement: Merulina Dashing (tap Roll/Dash)!
This can be executed in any direction and is effectively a new way to close gaps (or quickly retreat!) and alter the direction of Yareli aboard Merulina!
This also enhances the way you can traverse vertically with responsive directional input while in the air.
We've made a handy .gif to demonstrate just what we mean:
Behold in .gif form:
What you see in this .gif is a vertical traversal that's currently tough to do with Yareli. However, with the forward dash the momentum movement now allows for directional maneuvering.
Then, we see Yareli Dash both Forward AND Back in the .gif, showing how you can certainly take advantage of this new movement tool!
This is a change that's best experienced in your hands, but it is certainly a huge improvement for navigating all of Warframes tilesets!
Increase seek speed by about 60% and slightly increase bubble visibility to better register your casts.
Increase range by just about 25%
Increase damage and duration by 50%
Bigger is better. The bigger we Rip, the more enemies, the better scaling, and so on!
Increase radius by 25%
In the final Railjack Showdown node for a Sister of Parvos, each Sister will give each squad member 1 Corrupted Holokey at End-of-Mission whether you Vanquish or Convert them! This means a Squad of 4 can leave with 4 Corrupted Holokeys each on Showdown mission complete! 
Corrupted Holokey drop amounts have been increased in Void Storms! Void Storms in the Veil Proxima will now drop 10 (vs 6) to make the hardest content the most rewarding. The rest have all had their amounts increased by 1.
Reduced the time between Grineer Kuva Thrall spawns, so that the time to get all 10 to spawn is more in line with the time it takes to get all 3 Corpus Hounds to spawn.
Made improvements to the Kuva Lich/Sister showdown cinematic:
Added music befitting a showdown! 
Fixed the cinematic being silent.
Fixed ability to manipulate the camera during the cinematic.
Fixed animation popping during the cinematic.
Changed Sister Candidate waypoint icon to be the Sister icon instead of the Treasurer (Granum Crown) icon.
Fixed a progression stopper in the Sister showdown fight due to the Sister's Hound not spawning if the Host player died and went AFK after entering the Capital Ship.
Fixed an issue where a Kuva Lich with the 'Ensnare' ability could potentially prevent the context action for execution from appearing if the ability was cast prior to being weakened.
Fixed not receiving the Sisterhood Sigil after Converting or the Sisterhood Emblem after Vanquishing a Sister of Parvos.
Upon login those missing their respective Sisterhood Sigil/Emblem will receive them.
Fixed Rhino's Rhino Stomp perpetually stunning both Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos.
Fixed the Kuva Lich and Sister Vanquish animation not playing correctly, where it would turn the Lich/Sister invisible or fall through the floor during the animation.
Fixed missing Client Parazon Mercy animations on Grineer Thralls.
Fixed issue where fusing two partially ranked Kuva or Tenet weapons together appeared to increase the rank of your weapon. 
This was a UI / display only, as the Valence fusion does not increase a weapon rank. Now, the weapon rank does not increase from fusion and the UI does not incorrectly show that it has. 
Fixed an issue in Crew Command where Liches would appear as Grineer Heavy Gunners in the Railjack UI. It now shows the Kuva Lich or Sisters of Parvos badge icons where it previously showed Grineer Heavy Gunners to represent this Crew member. 
Fixed unlocalized Kuva Lich Inbox messages.
Fixed Kuva Lich names appearing as part of the Ephemera name in Kuva Lich Inbox messages.
For a long time now we've had a precedent with a handful of Warframe Skins where the "None" option for Attachments (and sometimes Syandanas) was removed if certain Skins, Primes, etc were equipped. This applied to Warframes such as Ember Prime/Pyraxis Skin, Frost, Mag Prime, Oberon, Volt, etc.
We now usher in a new "None" era! All Warframes and Warframe Skins that previously did not have the 'None' option will have a "None" Attachment or Syandana option, giving you even MORE customization flexibility. This means you can remove details such as any attachments on Ember Pyraxis, Mag Prime, the list goes on and on! In addition, Banshee, Frost and Oberon's default Shoulder Armor can now be equipped on Prime versions of the Warframe.
This also fixes a long-standing bug where a Warframe that has no default Shoulders Attachments (let's say, Excalibur) and had nothing equipped there, if you clicked on "left arm" then it would auto-select the first shoulder armor in your owned list.
Hemocyte is now immune to looting abilities that often didn't fully work due to how quickly the body despawns (Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm with Pilfering Swarm, Nekros' Desecrate etc).
With the re-run of Plague Star, we are adding Nidus Prime's Relics as in-world drops from the Hemocyte. This change was brought forth with this in mind, and the acquisition rate of this new Prime that could be influenced with loot abilities which is not a precedent we wish to set. With up to 4 Hemocytes that can spawn in the final stage it felt especially important to make this change. 
Ambassador Component Blueprints have a chance to drop from Aurax Atloc Raknoids. The main Blueprint can now be attained as a Rotation C reward from any Corpus Railjack Survival mission.
After engaging with Community Feedback, we noticed that obtaining the Ambassador parts was a tough combination of playing the same mission in 4 different locations with some difficult RNG. The Ambassador components have also been moved to an enemy that was without a drop table!
Every Aurax Atloc Raknoid has a 15% to drop any component Blueprints for the Ambassador 
Enemies typically only drop Weapon Blueprints or component Blueprints which is why the Ambassador components were given individual Blueprints 
Tweaked Zephyr's Airburst pull vacuum to lift enemies up a bit off the ground so they aren't dragging their butts. Plus updated the FX to go along with it! 
Zephyr's Airburst was intended to pull enemies in like Vortex for a short duration, but was spawning exactly where the projectile hit, resulting in being inside the floor. We fixed it by making the vortex spawn a bit above the floor and in the process gave it an FX pass to communicate better what was happening.
Added 'Missing Requirements' context information to Ergo Glast's shop in the Relays. 
Made the following changes to the Saxum Mod set:
The cooldown will now appear in the HUD.
Removed fall-off damage and increased the range to 4/8/12 metres. 
Increased the knockback to enemies caught closer to the impact while heavily staggering enemies within range but further away from the explosion.
Also fixed issues with the Saxum mod set bonus not matching the in-game description: Lifted enemies explode on death and deal up to 30% of their max health as Impact damage.
Reduced Riven challenge condition for "Kill X enemies with headshots from at least 100m away" to 75m away. 
Changed the sorting of items on the End Of Mission screen to better reflect importance, including Steel Essence, Riven Slivers, Granum Crowns, Built Forma, Orokin Cells, Corrupted Holokeys, built Prime parts, War Hilt, Requiem Ultimatums, Exilus Adapters, Drop Chance Boosters, Scintillant, and built Railjack Components.
Harrow Neuroptic Blueprints can now be obtained from the first vault in Pago, and as a Rotation C reward from Taveuni on the Kuva Fortress. Mod and Relic rewards have been swapped on Pago, and drop rates increased slightly. 
Harrow Systems Blueprints drop rates on Defection missions have been increased slightly, and added as a Rotation C reward from Taveuni on the Kuva Fortress.
In response to community feedback on farming for Harrow, we revisited the process for obtaining his components. We are making it easier to obtain Harrow Neuroptic Blueprints, and Harrow Systems Blueprints, from the locations outlined above.
Removed Intensify from the mid-tier Defection rewards.
We found that Intensify was an unnecessary addition to Defection rewards, and therefore skewed the chances of receiving other rewards, hence it's removal.
Octavia's Mandachord option has been moved into the top Arsenal menu, under the Parazon option.
The Mandachord is a very important piece of equipment for Octavia's abilities
having it buried and not as readily accessible was not ideal considering that it is key to her performance. It is now much easier to find it and create a tune of destruction! 
Added scrollbar to Index result screen. 
Syndicate Medallion trade in screens have been given the UI theme treatment.
Added 'Insufficient Funds' context information to the Syndicate offerings 'Confirm Purchase' panel.
Improved NPC zipline usage in the Gas City tileset. Their parkour skills were just a bit too weak. 
A warning for unowned Landing Craft Skins will now appear when attempting to purchase a skin for a Landing Craft type they do not own. 
Increased visibility of control panels for extendable-bridges in some major corridors in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
We've changed the underlying code of our UI for future proofing, but you shouldn't notice anything just yet. If you come across anything janky please let us know!
Adjusted Chroma Elemental Ward stat display to be more accurate (uses % display for Health/Shield/Armor/reload/holster buffs).
Improved the tent textures in the Plains of Eidolon. 
Adjusted the Brachiolyst ragdoll animation to make it more natural looking. 
Updated Foundry preview images for Scorched Beacon and Chroma Mark Blueprints (for The New Strange Quest), which were appearing as low resolution images. 
Changed the timing of the Sentient's damage pulse & weapon reattach to occur at a specific time within the animation rather than at the end.
Previously, destroying both arms on Sentients would cause them to drop weapons. Sentients no longer drop anything when arms are destroyed but will instead regenerate them. This regeneration causes a damage pulse that has been modified to occur during the animation rather than at the end.
Reduced the damage and overall range of the Ortholyst Sentient's long ranged barrage cluster projectiles. 
Revenant's Danse Macabre ability now deals finisher damage against inanimate objects instead of adopting a damage type based on the target. It still does adaptive damage and applies adaptive status effects against enemies.
Prior to this change, Danse Macabre was allowing Revenant to solve Operator-required puzzles, which is clearly not intended. 
Removed the ability to collect duplicate Ephemeras. 
Ephemeras now abide by the "one per person" rule that other cosmetic items follow. And thus clearing out the unnecessary inventory clutter.
A script will run upon first login after updating to remove existing duplicates. 
Updated to K-Drive and Merulina riding so that the rider's aim end point matches the vehicle's aim end point. This addresses cases of moving in unintended directions.
Updated the Dojo room HUD title to have more of a Vitruvian theme!
Updated the Menu UI in the Personal Quarters to reflect a Vitruvian theme! Fish Tank, Articula, etc!
Added Orokin Ciphers and Omega Isotopes as a feeding option to the Helminth, which will grant Bile.
Added Cryptographic ALU as a feeding option to the Helminth, which will grant Synthetics.
The 'Converted Adversaries' menu will now auto open when starting a Trade in the Crimson Branch instead of having to click through the tabs.
Upon login, those that received the unintended Shotgun Riven Mod for Kitguns via GOTL Alert will have their Riven corrected to a proper Pistol Kitgun Riven Mod. 
Please note that this does not change the Challenge or any Cycling you have already done.
Reworded the Viral Quills description to decrease it's unnecessary length. 
Reworded the 'Vault Looter' Nightwave Act to clarify that it's for the Dragon Key Vaults, not the Isolation Vaults.
Players under Mastery Rank 2 will no longer see the 'Update History' messages upon login, as this information may be overwhelming as they begin their Warframe journey.
Tweaked the compression of Cursors so they look better at mid-sizes, although this unfortunately makes them not as sharp when scaled to max. Trying to find a happy middle ground!
Made a few changes to the Helminth 15th Metamorphosis "Golden Instinct" Void Spark:
Doubled the Void Sparks lifespan
Increased the Void Sparks visibility
Increased start time of Golden Instinct
Made systemic micro-optimizations to engine and level loading.
Optimized out some hitches when using DirectX 12. 
Made micro-optimizations to DirectX 12 memory footprint.
Made micro-optimizations to game startup when running DirectX 12.
Optimized out many small hitches when using DirectX 12. 
Fixed a bug that would cause certain shadows to malfunction in DirectX 12 on PC.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to DirectX 11 rendering.
Made a micro-optimization to level loading and streaming.
Made a micro-optimization to UI rendering.
Made a micro-optimization to Depth of Field rendering.
Made micro-optimizations to the fog rendering.
Made some systemic micro-optimizations to memory footprint.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to shadow rendering on all platforms.
Made some micro-optimizations to particle-system rendering. 
Made micro-optimizations to rendering on all platforms. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations for all platforms.
Fixed an inconsequential graphical inconsistency that may have caused a few micro-stutters on DirectX 12.

### Fixes
Fixed the Financial Stress debuff not being removed after Yareli scores in The Index while riding Merulina.
Fixed inability to use a Cipher while riding Merulina.
Fixed Yareli's Passive bonus to Pistol Critical Chance not applying to Clients. 
Fixed shared Affinity not being attributed to player weapons while riding Merulina as Yareli. 
Fixed numerous AoE enemy attacks not affecting Yareli when riding Merulina.
Fixed missing weapon rank UI when switching to Merulina with Primary weapon equipped.
Fixed picking up Rifle Ammo for an empty Primary while riding Merulina equipping said Primary weapon.
Fixed missing End of Mission stats if enemies are killed with Yareli's Abilities while riding Merulina.
Fixed an issue where Yareli players boarding Merulina would have their flashlight color (activated when in dark areas like caves) permanently adopt Yareli's first energy color. 
Fixed a script error that occurs when completing a Mastery Rank test while riding Yareli's Merulina.
Fixed a crash that could occur when Transferring from Excalibur Umbra to a Necramech,
Fixed a crash that could occur if a Client player aborted after a Host migration in a Defense mission.
Fixed a crash when attempting to Valence Fusion a Talyn Armament.
Fixed Ember's Immolation HUD meter not functioning after dying/Reviving until you Operator Transference. 
Fixed replacing a Prime Blueprint on the Trading screen not always updating the Ducat value correctly.
Fixed ability to ride on top of the Plague Star Infested boil with K-Drives (and other similar vehicles) which resulted in taking no damage.
Fixed UI not updating when attempting to Invigorate Excalibur Umbra which then resulted in a script error.
Fixed incorrect animal subspecies appearing in Cambion Drift if you used a Pheromone.
Fixed Sprag missing her jetpack animation movements.
Fixed the unrepaired "Scrap" version of an Armament also shown as Equipped in the list for the same slot. 
Fixed Inaros' Scarab Swarm HUD still showing up after switching Warframes in the Simulacrum.
Fixed Dragon Key UI/HUD not updating after swapping them in your Gear in the Simulacrum.
Fixed the Eros Wings Ephemera clipping with certain parts of the ESC menu.
Fixed a few Quest prerequisite texts missing the respective location.
Fixed background of Clan Hierarchy screen being shrunk when using Menu Scale.
Fixed the Dojo Room selection sometimes not having some Rooms available for selection.
Fixed Dojo Room message and name font being very dark.
Fixed the Tab menu and End Of Mission screen in Conclave Annihilation not displaying player names or their scores (Oro, kills, deaths).
Fixed the Waverider Comic showing duplicate challenges after re-reading pages.
Fixed multiple issues with the Saxum Mod set: 
Fixed the "Lifted enemies explode on death" effect not working when the full set is equipped.
Fixed non-melee attacks to proc the effect.
Fixed the effect from triggering on non-lifted enemies. 
Fixed the damage type to correctly deal Impact damage. 
Fixed a "buff" icon appearing in the HUD on activation. 
Miscellaneous fixes for proc inconsistencies and stacking issues with other mods. 
Fixed Helminth Kubrow puppy appearing as a default Kubrow and not a Helminth variant.
Fixed the total number of owned decorations not including the amount placed on the Orbiter, as per
Fixed rounding error for Helminth Invigoration costs that could prevent an account from Invigorating in rare circumstances.
Fixed Grineer Scorpions not doing their full melee combo.
Fixed Necramech Slot pricing in Foundry appearing differently than it does in the in-game Market. 
Fixed Oberon's Smite VFX color not reflecting the player's custom color choice.
Fixed the end-of-mission screen in Railjack not displaying the correct mission time.
Fixed not being able to pause during a Lunaro match.
Fixed textures on Mirage breaking in Simulacrum while changing to a Deluxe skin after using Mirage's Eclipse.
Fixed the Tenet Envoy's guided rockets being unable to pass through Volt's Shield and Gara's Vitrify.
Fixed Railjack Crew Pilots searching for objectives multiple times per second, causing some pretty dizzy passengers. 
Fixed the Transmission Color Pallette and Liset Athari Skin not rewarding Nora's Choice Creds from Duplicate Protection.
Fixed clip issues with the Zundi Pistol Skin when used with Mesa's Idle Animation.
Fixed the Landing Craft exit looking dark when evacuating during Corpus Outpost missions.
Fixed the Waveform Ephemera incorrectly appearing behind your Warframe in the Arsenal.
Fixed incorrect spacing in Ordis' subtitles during the 'Octavia's Anthem' Quest.
Fixed Elite Crew Members with the "Heal all teammates for 1000 Health when this crew member drops below 30% Health" trait not triggering their ability when conditions are met.
Fixed an issue with bonus Affinity not being granted after a successful Railjack Defense mission.
Fixed AI Fighters in Railjack losing focus on the player in certain situations, and flying outside the detection range of the player. 
Fixed a script error related to being the Operator in the Cetus tunnel.
Fixed a hole in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed a bug that would cause the Railjack to become stuck in an ice mine while in the Neptune Proxima.
Fixed a script error related to Protea getting on a K-Drive. 
Fixed an issue where the Mods section would not load sometimes when configuring the Railjack Plexus from the Dry Dock console.
Fixed an issue where Titania's Razorwing was unable to deal damage to Nullifier-type Corpus Capture targets.
Fixed an issue with Void Storm Survival missions sometimes not rewarding Void Traces when unlocking 2 or more Relics.
Fixed an issue where the floor in Cetus would disappear when viewed from a large distance.
Fixed an issue where the Auto Swap On Empty function was not swapping weapons for Clients. 
Fixed an issue with a misaligned glass window pane in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed an issue where the pedestal for the cyst of a regressed Helminth Charger would retract into the floor when opening and closing the Arsenal. 
Fixed Titania being able to get out of bounds with entering/exiting Razorwing.
Fixed an issue where some colour customization code intended for the Railjack's emplacements would cause a player's Warframe to appear in its default skin and colour scheme.
Fixed an issue where Affinity was not retained after completing a mission in the Plains of Eidolon, returning to Cetus, and then going on a mission again.
Fixed an issue where Clients would get disconnected when entering the Arsenal in the Simulacrum while having the same Warframe as the Host.
Fixed an issue where the Tenet Agendus hammer was not being held properly in a Warframe's hand if it is the only weapon equipped.
Fixed Titania being unable to descend while in Razorwing form, after being propelled by the gaiser plants in Deimos.
Fixed an issue where certain Warframe animations would prevent an enemy from being susceptible to Parazon finishers.
Fixed a script error related to loading Railjack Crew members when a Client tries to join a session. 
Fixed a script error related to Rhino's Iron Skin.
We have made the following fixes for Plague Star: 
We fixed an issue where the Plague Star Bounty drone would automatically start without being hacked once the player was in its proximity.
Fixed an issue where Nakak was talking to herself silently after you looked at the Offerings page
Fixed a script error related to Revenant's abilities.
Fixed an issue with dual wielding a Glaive/Pistol as Titania before activating Razorwing enabling permanent slide attacks when using quick melee.
Fixed inability to use Stance Forma or Umbra Forma on the Dark Split-Sword.
Fixed an issue where if a player completed a mission and then waited in their Orbiter for the next mission then the time spent waiting was counted into the mission time.
Fixed a script error related to Mesa's Shooting Gallery.
Fixed an issue where a mid-mission Host migration on Exterminate missions allowed Clients to progress the kill count while waiting for a new Host.
Fixed Dargyn Pilots in the Simulacrum having randomized levels once they drop from their destroyed Tusk Dargyns. 
Fixed an issue with an infinite loading screen for Hosts leaving Railjack Defense missions. 
Fixed the Electricity Status Effects from the Synergized Prospectus Hound Precept mod arcing to players close to the enemy targeted and dealing friendly fire damage. 
Fixed an issue where while completing Void Storm missions, collecting 10 Void Traces while in the Necramech without entering your Warframe does not open the Relic.
Fixed an issue where playing as Khora in the Mastery Rank 13 will result in no enemies spawning.
Fixed 'Previous Power' binding option in Railjack controls appearing as 'Switch Secondary'.
Fixed Nezha's Divine Spear's deactivation sounds triggering on enemy deaths.
Fixed Aurax Raknoids leaving behind an invisible blockage on death.
Fixed being able to equip Umbra Forma to Sisters of Parvos Hound weapons. (They can't equip Umbra mods so this was just a trap for the unwary)
Fixed being unable to target Dargyn pilots that have fallen out of a Dargyn.
Fixed an issue with Archwing where if you bullet jump and equip Archwing mid-air then you will constantly float up.
Fixed a harmless script error that would occur when directly loading into the Orb Vallis.
Fixed an issue where if you bullet jump with Revenant and then cast Danse Macabre his head would appear broken.
Fixed an issue where you could not select a Warframe at the start of the game. 
Fixed performance issues when using Thermal Sunder as Titania after casting Razorwing as Host. 
Fixed an issue where when playing an Index mission and using Transference would allow the Warframe to regain maximum Shields without being affected by Financial Stress.
Fixed an issue with a tooltip not having the appropriate offset during mission selection.
Fixed Grineer Crewship gunner HUD reticle appearing stretched.
Fixed wonky spawn points for certain loot containers in the Orokin Tower tileset. Rifling for couch change is not the way of the Tenno.
Fixed Bursas being hackable before disabling them.
Fixed an issue where using Void mode to sneak past Sentient enemies in Octavia's Anthem would prevent Ordis' transmission from triggering and stopping progress.
Fixed animals spawning underground in Plains of Eidolon caves.
Fixed Dargyn Pilots spawning in caves.
Fixed Landing Craft skins applying to crafts across the board after customizing in the appearance options, creating some very odd visual results. 
Fixed hangar doors in the Grineer Galleon tileset sometimes missing collisions.
Fixed an issue where the Railjack's left gun is partially or completely invisible when at the Dry Dock.
Fixed an issue with Silencing Mods not reducing some sounds properly.
Fixed an issue with the UI where the View Mission Progress menu and the End of Mission results menu displayed incorrect Affinity values if a weapon gained multiple ranks in a mission.
Fixed a visual FX performance issue that occured upon dying. 
Fixed a Client bug causing the moving laser wall to stutter irregularly inside Corpus Ship Vault E.
Fixed unhelpful waypoints attaching themselves to consoles that are environment only and not interactable in Orb Vallis Bounty Spy missions. 
Fixed players clipping through Rampart when disembarking where they first entered, regardless of player rotation.
Fixed a pop in the Heavy Blade animation loop that would occur in the left hand.
Fixed UI locking in place while camera relocates after dying in the Simulacrum Arsenal Mod window. 
Fixed Lavos and Hildryn being able to roll Energy-based Invigorations (Energy Max + 200% and Energy Regen +2) as the Warframes do not use Energy.
Fixed Tannukai Longsword Skin clipping into ground while idling. 
Fixed missing lighter on player when in high areas around the Clan Dojo Hall.
Fixed Orbiter lights behind Codex not changing to desired colour.
Fixed an inability to move in the Call of the Tempestarii M3 mission after opening the Main Menu after completing the "Cold Below" section.
Fixed enemies not spawning in Grineer Sealab Defense.
Fixed Reload Speed Mods affecting the Shedu's ammo regeneration delay.
Battery cannot begin regenerating if the weapon is between shots.
Fixed a spot-load when an On-Call Crew member is deployed with a Kitgun equipped.
Fixed a spot-load when a player joins your Orbiter.
Fixed the Tenet Diplos not unlocking the Meeting Adjourned achievement.
Fixed the Kill It With Fire achievement not applying to the Deimos Genetrix.
Fixed ability to Chat Link and Apply a Mod config with a negative capacity.
Fixed the Ride The Wave poster icon texture looking stretched.
Fixed the Mastery Rank Up UI mentioning "Daily Focus Limit" before players have unlocked Focus.
Fixed the Friends List showing a white box for the Legendary icon if you haven't already witnessed it.
Fixed Dargyn Pilot not being paused in the Simulacrum when "Pause AI" is enabled and the Pilot has been removed from the Dargyn.
Fixed Chat header icons becoming stuck on screen.
Fixed a flickering light during The War Within Quest.
Fixed in-game Challenge progress pop-ups appearing when notifications are disabled.
Fixed issue where regressing the age of a pet would not unequip its armor. 
Fixed issue where Parazon marker would appear above converted Corpus Liches or SIsters of Parvos' head when selecting crew the Railjack Crew page. 
Fixed issue where Buzlok's fire homing would cause no damage. 
Fixed a visual issue with the Zundi Pistol skin.
Fixed UI issue with Railjack Crew Command where players could be prompted to "Assign Role" to Converted Kuva Liches and Sisters of Parvos, despite them being limited to the Defender role. 
Fixed an issue where the Railjack Skills Bar from the Crew Page in the Dry Dock was not updating after Crew is swapped.
Fixed an issue with the flashlight not working as intended when on vehicles such as K-Drives.
Fixed an issue with the snow shader losing accuracy in specific areas of a level 
Fixed an issue where the FX energy of the Tenet Agendus was not affected by custom color chosen. 
Fixed an issue related to Mastery Rank 24 test: this test provides you a non-upgraded, default amp and removes any arcanes.If the player died and respawned, they would have their personal, upgraded amp and any arcanes equipped available to use in the test, making the test easier than intended. Respawning no longer brings the player's amp and arcanes into the test.
Fixed issue where upper-body animations and finisher animations blended into each other, creating undesired visuals. 
Fixed an issue where assigning a Lich to "On Call" would overwrite a Lich crewmate's displayed stats. Lich crewmates' stats now stay consistent. 
Fixed a puzzle on Lua Spy missions (Pavlov) that was unintentionally unsolvable. 
Fixed an issue with trees clipping at a long view distance in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a particle system issue that caused some elements of Apostasy Prologue to turn bright red. 
Fixed a Look Linked Kavat appearing to have 2 tails.
Fixed the Cedo, Cyanex and Akarius causing a parried reaction (knock back) versus certain enemies.
Fixed The Night Hunter Syandana's wings not retracting for Client players.
Fixed inability to view the large version of an owned Glyph.
Fixed the "Speak to Konzu" objective text when first entering Cetus not being capitalized.
Fixed a script error when casting Bonewidow's Shield Maiden ability. 
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Roar ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Khora's Strangledome.
Fixed inability to Chat Link Primed Magazine Warp.
Fixed inability to Trade Primed Magazine Warp
Fixed the Mission Extraction waypoint sometimes turning red in Exterminate missions.
Fixed Nightwave Acts being stuck on the screen forever if you change settings.
Fixed Naramon Executing Dash not opening enemies to finishers.
Fixed the skirt on the Ivara Graxx skin clipping through Ivara Prime's bottom.

## Nightwave: Prime Vault: Hotfix 30.6.1
**Date:** 2021-08-10T18:03:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added the Sevagoth Lucifuge Helmet to the Nightwave Cred Offerings rotation.

### Changes
Nightwave: Prime Vault: Hotfix 30.6.1:
Overwhelm your foes with physical strength and mind control with Prime Vault!
Rhino Prime returns alongside his Prime Weapons and exclusive Customizations for a limited time. With Nyx Prime already available to earn through Void Storm Missions, there are now even more opportunities to obtain this deadly psychic Warframe and her Prime Accessories.
Rhino Prime, Nyx Prime, Ankyros Prime, Boltor Prime, Hikou Prime, and Scindo Prime Relics have been added to the drop tables! These Relics have replaced the Zephyr and Chroma Prime Relics in the Void drop tables, Bounties, and Relic Packs.
1200 Platinum
Rhino Prime
Nyx Prime
Ankyros Prime
Boltor Prime
Hikou Prime
Scindo Prime
Noru Prime Syandana
Distilling Extractor Prime + Blueprint
Targis Prime Armor Set
Vala Sugatra Prime
Rhino & Nyx Prime Glyphs
400 Platinum
Rhino Prime
Ankyros Prime
Boltor Prime
Noru Prime Syandana
Distilling Extractor Prime + Blueprint
Prime Glyphs
400 Platinum
Nyx Prime
Hikou Prime
Scindo Prime
Targis Prime Armor Set
Vala Sugatra Prime
Prime Glyphs
200 Platinum
Noru Prime Syandana
Distilling Extractor Prime + Blueprint
200 Platinum
Targis Prime Armor Set
Vala Sugatra Prime
Pick up these Prime Vault Packs before the Vault closes!
Improved the Hound Reflex Denial Precept to be more similar to Nyx's Absorb and capped the Damage per burst that can be directed back at you by Enemy Hounds; preventing self-damage or friendly fire. This also fixes player Hounds not redirecting the full amount of player Damage, only base.
While not currently applicable, we felt it important to note that we've made improvements towards Drone pathing in Plague Star that resulted in the Drone becoming stuck, or stopping short of the Infested Boil. While this logic does carry over to the normal Drone escort mission in the Plains of Eidolon, there are some distinct differences due to the specific path it takes in each scenario.

### Fixes
Fixed loss of functionality from using Transference while mounting a K-Drive.
Fixed cases where you could take the Isolation Vault rewards without opening the Vault door.
Fixed Rhino Roar buff becoming permanent on other players if they become nullified while the buff is on them.
Fixed scenario where Energy could cost 0 with a Limbo's Infused with Thermal Sunder.
Fixed breaking their K-Drive and weapon functionality by spamming Transference and Yareli's Merulina while trying to mount.
Fixed inability to pick up universal Ammo (Lavo's Transmutation Probe, Protea's Dispensary, etc) when Yareli is on Merulina. 
Fixed the Tenet Agendus having a Mastery Rank of 0. It is now the intended Mastery Rank 14, along the same line as the other Tenet Melee weapons available from Ergo Glast.
Fixed the Ambassador not triggering its Alt Fire radial attack when it hits an enemy.
Fixed mounting and dismounting a K-Drive while using the Tenet Diplos causing its animation to break.
Fixed Buzlok Alt Fire homing causing most shots to deal no damage.
Fixed Buzlok Alt Fire homing darts tagging Sisters as "KUVA LICH Agor Rok" and Hound as "[HC] Lawyer Pet".
Fixed inability to see or hear the Tenet Agendus projectiles or explosions when other players use the heavy attack.
Fixed inability to see the Tenet Grigori combo disc FX (heavy attack combo) when fired by other players.
Fixed Grustrag Three enemy models being wildly discolored.
Fixed the Yareli Noggle missing her skirt.
Fixed Tenet Agendus Shield Energy always being present when viewed in the Arsenal.
Fixed Tenet Flux Rifle beam FX breaking if the player camera is moved while aiming by strafing, moving, etc. 
Fixed Companions being hidden behind Decorations in the Arsenal if Decorations are placed in front.
Fixed Glaxion beam FX issues when used by Corpus enemies from a distance away.
Fixed a game hitch when loading into a Dedicated Server Conclave game.
Fixed a script error that could occur if the Railjack Forward Artillery fired during a Host migration.
Fixed a script error related to the Incubator and a Helminth puppy.
Fixed a script error when scrolling menus with the keyboard.

## Nightwave: Nora's Choice: Update 30.6.0
**Date:** 2021-08-04T17:32:47Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Nightwave: Nora'S Choice: Update 30.6.0:
Greetings Dreamers,
It's time to tune into Nora's latest program, Nightwave: Nora's Choice, is coming to all platforms today at 2pm ET!
Nora's Choice brings back a slew of classic Nightwave Rewards while adding exclusive new items into the mix, like the Ride The Wave Glyph and the mesmerizing Waveform Ephemera.
Take on Daily and Weekly Acts to earn Nora's Choice Cred that you can redeem for exciting Customizations! Or choose to spend it on an assortment of other items that will give your Arsenal a healthy edge.
Added Harrow Crucis and Yareli Physalia Helmet Blueprints to the Nightwave Store rotation.
Corrected the 'Feed The Beast' Nightwave Weekly Act to award the proper 4500 Standing.
Optimized back-end server load slightly.
The Profile Glyph screen has been given a visual and functional refresh!
Left clicking on the Glyph you own equips it.
Right clicking on a Glyph you own allows you to gift it to a Friend from the Market (if Giftable).
Left clicking on a Glyph you don't own takes you to the Market (if purchasable).
Cambion Drift dynamic Defense missions now have a time-limit to clear the initial spawns on the camp before automatically advancing to the Defence & Reinforcements stage.
All remaining enemies for Bounties will now be marked, regardless of range because sometimes enemies will be outside of 60m of the player and just not visible.
The limit of players you can choose to /ignore is now capped at 100. When adding a new ignored user, the older ignored user will be prompted for removal if already at 100. The count and cap has been added to the 'Manage Ignore List' screen for ease of use. This decision was made after a performance issue was revealed and a cap must now be added to avoid further issues.
Upon login, those with 100+ ignored players on their list will be culled down to 100 most-recently-added entries.
Updated the Rescue NPC behaviours to alleviate awkward standing around during combat and poor "cover" choices.

### Fixes
Fixed Galvanized Mods not properly functioning with the Catchmoon's guaranteed Impact proc.
Fixed the ability to reach locations where enemies cannot not damage you by using Hydroid's Undertow. 
Fixed another case of having a Helminth Invigoration fail.
Fixed inability to equip the Secondary Deadhead Arcane on the Athodai. 
Fixed the Braton Prime Stock having incorrect Ducat value for its rarity. It is now 25 instead of 15.
Fixed an invisible volume appearing if you Transferred to your Operator who had the Zato Oculus equipped, resulting in movement issues.
Fixed an issue when browsing Son's Wares in Necralisk, where the amount of owned Fass/Vome Residue was always showing 0 in the Ingredients ToolTip.
Fixed Bindings used for K-Drive tricks may be displayed incorrectly in the Waverider Quest.
Fixed changing the colour of Bash's Lab Dojo room via Polychrome resulting in the Ventkid NPCs skin color also changing.
Fixed the Tenet Agendus projectile only having correct visual/audio up until you let one expire from range.
Fixed the shield Energy FX of Tenet Agendus isn't affected by custom colour and lingers when shield Skin is equipped.
Fixed the Steel Meridian Armor Energy VFX not properly accepting colour changes.
Fixed the Prisma Dual Decurions not appearing in the Codex and unable to Chat Link.
Fixed for some vehicle sounds, including Yareli's Merulina, playing when in the Arsenal after going to the Upgrade screen.
Fixed missing sounds for Clients when summoning On-Call Crew.
Fixed a script error when setting a Kuva Lich as On-Call while having no other Crew members.

## Sisters of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.5
**Date:** 2021-07-29T17:08:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Sisters Of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.5:
Increased Vastilok Punch Through from 1 to 1.3 and fixed it using the wrong (old) Combo Multiplier (i.e at 40 hits the multiplier will be 3.0 not 2.5).
You can now use Transference while on a K-Drive or when Yareli is using Merulina. 
Worth noting that this doesn't allow Operators to use K-Drives... :(. 
On-Call Sisters will no longer clone targets when using Soul Punch and said Shadow Clones no longer have drop tables, as this leads to exploitive gameplay.
Hound Null Audit Precept now triggers more reliably. Previously it would only trigger if the current target was an Eximus, it will now target a nearby Eximus in range even if they aren't the current target.
Changed how the /dnd Chat command functions to be a toggle, allowing either an Enabled or Disabled state, instead of always setting 'Do Not Disturb' mode to enabled. Before you would need to /normal to undo it. 
Updated respective Riven Challenge descriptions to indicate "Shield Restore consumables" as opposed to "Shield consumables".
Added Helminth Ability videos to the Helminth screen.
Sister Hound's Repo Audit ability will no longer affect downed players.
This fixes downed Clients losing their weapons for the rest of the mission after an enemy Sister Hound activates its Repo Audit.

### Fixes
For non-endless missions, most notably Sabotage, a max of 3 Acolytes will spawn and their levels will incrementally increase with every new Acolyte spawn.
This change addresses and fixes the AFK Acolyte spawning exploit within Steel Path Sabotage missions. 
Fixed the Steel Essence 5 minute despawn timer not functioning after you've moved a certain distance away.
Optimized server-side database traffic for IPv6 players.
Fixed Galvanized Mods offering increased damage from Status on target not reliably working on numerous weapons.
One outlier to be fixed is the interaction with the Catchmoon's guaranteed Impact proc.
Fixed a game lock that would occur for newer accounts when trying to customize their Landing Craft.
Fixed a crash occurring when dying while in Voidrig's Guard Mode.
Fixed missing Context Action for the Chimera Quest if it's initiated right after The Sacrifice Quest completion. 
Fixed a game hang/crash that could occur on the Clan interface. 
Fixed a game hang/crash that could occur on the Railjack Salvage menu.
Fixed a game hang/crash that could occur on player Transmissions.
Fixed a crash occurring when interacting with a dead Specter 'Follow' Context Action after a Host migration occured during a Sister Railjack showdown.
Fixed very rare case of an inability to use a Helminth Invigoration.
Fixed case of Sister/Kuva Lich not spawning when using a Requiem Ultimatum, which also consumed the item.
Fixed the "JOIN ANY CREW" button in the Railjack Star Chart allowing you to join a Kuva Lich or Sister showdown mission, which resulted in an error message if you do not have a proper Kuva Lich or Sister.
Fixed (another case) Hosts keeping their goods after aborting the Lich showdown mission once their Lich has been Converted/Vanquished.
Fixed not being able to swap Polarities on Sentinel weapons.
Fixed numerous abilities not functioning while Yareli is on Merulina. 
Ash Smoke Shadow Augment
Baruuk Desolate Hands
Ivara Cloak Arrow
Mesa Shooting Gallery
Oberon Hallowed Ground
Octavia Metronome
Protea Shield grenades
Titania Tribute
Wisp Reservoirs 
Fixed Tenet Envoy missiles striking a Null bubble becoming stuck and orphaned in the air.
Fixed the Oull Requiem not being Chat Linkable or in the Codex.
Fixed Hound Diversified Denial Precept showing a revive prompt on mini-Hounds for Clients.
Fixed numerous Cambion Drift spawning issues:
Fixed Enemy reinforcements would wander aimlessly instead of trying to storm you.
Fixed Deimos Genetrix not spawning multiple waves of enemies or enemies at all.
Fixed Deimos Tendril Drones spawning too frequently.
Fixed Helminth Kubrow puppy not correctly appearing as a Helminth puppy. 
Fixed seeing custom Warframe Ability HUDs while playing Lunaro.
Fixed End of Mission screen only starts to count the Mission Time when the End of Mission screen appears.
Fixed outdated loading screen tips related to Parazon Mercy eligibility. 
Fixed a typo in the Elite Crewmates traits description of "Zekti" instead of "Zetki".
Fixed a script error when Hacking with the Tactical Menu open.
Fixed a script error that could occur when using Transference next to a Volt Electric Shield with the Transistor Shield Augment equipped.

## Sisters of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.4
**Date:** 2021-07-17T12:58:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Today is the day, Tenno! TennoCon 2021 is here and is starting at 12:30 PM ET over at twitch.tv/warframe. One last hotfix here before we start the festivities and we'll see you then.
Weapon Changes:
Reverted the Melee Follow Through changes that unintentionally went out in 30.5. This was an experimental change we tried out in development, but it should have been reverted before release.

Added 60% fall off to the Tenet Tetra Alt Fire area-of-effect as intended.
Normalized the Kuva Grattler Arch Gun stats with Heavy Weapon as intended and exposed said stats in the Arsenal:
Impact Damage from 100 to 50
Area-of-effect Damage from 205 to 155
Removed Headshot Damage bonus on the Tenet Agendus projectile.
Changes:
Favourited friends now move to the top of the invite screen! 
Updated Yareli's Sea Snares description to include the increase of 5 water globules.
Fixes:
Fixed accounts being unable to login if they had more than 1 vendor purchases with cooldowns expiring in the same login.
Fixed functionality loss when clicking through Ergo Glast's Tenet Offerings too quickly. 
Fixed Headshots dealing double damage if it bleeds over from Shields to Health.
Fixed Hounds giving only 100 Mastery per level instead of 200 Mastery per level. 
Fixed a Traded Sister (therefore Converted) not starting at the expecting Star Chart node. 
Fixed Specters/Hounds not needing to be killed if a Host migration occured at the start of a Sister showdown Railjack mission.
Fixed the "Eliminate the Target" objective not updating after you've Vanquished or Converted your Kuva Lich until you kill a Thrall.
Fixed receiving unsellable duplicates of Sister Ephemeras that created Inventory clutter with no way to remove.
In a future Hotfix Sister Ephemera duplicates will be removed from Inventories
Spring cleaning!
Fixed Grineer Arc Traps not dealing damage when Yareli is on Merulina.
Fixed Mods or Energy pickups being Vacuumed not being picked up if Yareli's Merulina was cast at a precise moment.
Fixed inability to start a K-Drive race while on Yareli's Merulina. 
Fixed cases of Pistol projectiles going the wrong way when fired on a K-Drive.
Fixed Transferring to the Operator while standing beside Volt's Electric Shield resulting in auto picking up the Shield.
Fixed Kuva Lich/Sister Vanquished rewards lingering in the End of Mission screen for missions played after the successful showdown.
Fixed inability to Chat Link Corrupted Holokeys. 
Fixed the Hexis Left Arm Plate not aligning properly on Gara Prime. 
Fixed another case of the new Syndicate Emotes looking weird on Operators.
Fixed "Available Sessions" window showing Legendary Rank 1 players as MR31.
Fixed Hovering over a player that is Mastery Rank Legendary 1 in the Trade screen stating Mastery Rank 31.
Fixed Railjack Crew members playing erroneous transmissions.
Fixed the Falcor quick throw losing velocity when hitting anything. 
Fixed friendly AI not being able to use the Tenet Envoy. 
Fixed the Tenet Grigori's disc not being destroyed on client. 
Fixed issues with Yareli's Noggle missing some attachments. 
Fixed Lavos and Hildryn being able to roll Energy-based Helminth Invigorations. 
Fixed Venari being unable to Heal players properly. 
Fixed Corpus Security Nodes having too much health after a Host Migration.
Fixed the Railjack 'Kill Commander' objective not updating after being killed. 
Fixed the Kompressa's disarmed model being the Stug. 
Fixed an issue with K-Drive stats showing red when it should in-fact show green as a positive change (Jump Charge).
Fixed inability to change The Arbiters of Hexis Chest Plate Energy colours.
Fixed certain Glyphs not tinting with player UI themes in the Squad icon menu. 
Fixed the opened Map disappearing quickly after opening it in Captura.
Fixed a script error when casting Khora's Venari ability.
Fixed a script error when using the Archwing Slingshot. 
Fixed the Foundry trying to start or claim jobs twice even though you only pressed the button once.
Fixed Yareli getting knocked off Merulina even when Primed Sure Footed is equipped.

## Sisters of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.3
**Date:** 2021-07-09T15:07:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Sisters Of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.3:
Barring any emergencies this will be our last Hotfix before TennoCon!
Ambassador clip size increased to 96 and increased ammo pool to 960.
Tenet Diplos clip size increased to 92 and increased ammo pool to 460.
Renamed the "Sentinel" Foundry category to "Companion" and added Hounds under this tab in the Foundry for easy finding.
Updated Vermisplicer description from "attack up to five" to "attack up to three". 
Prevented exiting Galleons/Capital Ships while performing a Finisher to alleviate potential issues.

### Fixes
Fixed an inability to login related to the Lich Showdown node.
This was hot-dropped serverside Wednesday night! 
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when warping out of a Railjack mission.
Fixed a crash that could occur when using the Enhanced Renderer.
Another fix towards a softlock during the Kuva Lich/Sister Convert/Vanquish choice related to attempting to switch from Pistol to Parazon.
Fixed scenarios where Railjack Survival (and potentially Spy) rewards were not given when playing Public matchmaking. 
Fixed progression stopper in the Waverider Quest due to some Challenges not registering properly.
Fixed not receiving Vanquished Sister rewards if a Client Vanquishes their Sister before a Host migration and becomes the new Host.
Fixed Sister Soul Punch ability not being properly limited to a single clone instance at a time. It can also no longer copy your Pets/Sentinels since these were missing some customizations (like their heads).
Fixed Khora's Venari not gaining Affinity. 
Fixed Rivens not being generated for the Cadus.
After looking into this issue we saw that some Bo Rivens out in the wild can be equipped on the Cadus. This fixes both the missing Cadus Riven generation AND that some Rivens were generated that could be equipped to both the Bo and Cadus. Please be advised that this fix will correct any existing Bo Riven Mods so that they cannot be equipped on your Cadus.
Fixed issues with some Helminth Invigorations not being applicable.
Fixed 50k Kuva not appearing in Teshin's Steel Path Honors offerings.
Fixed excessive camera shake while on Yareli's Merulina.
Fixed friendly Syndicate Specters having the Parazon Mercy icon when they're below 40% Health.
Fixed the Railjack becoming vulnerable while players are inside the Galleon if a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed all enemy shockwave type attacks doing knockbacks (ex: Corpus Scrambus, Eidolons, etc).
Fixed enemy Hounds activating its Null Audit Precept when it doesn't have a visible target. 
Fixed Buff and Energy not resetting upon entering a Sanctuary Onslaught Conduit when Yareli is riding Merulina.
Fixed cases where the Tenet Envoy rockets could remain in the air indefinitely.
Fixed the Synth Mod Set bonus not functioning while on a K-Drive/Merulina.
Fixed the Necramech Aviator stats having incorrect values.
Fixed Yareli Clients not receiving her Passive buff after changing Primary weapons in the Simulacrum's Arsenal.
Fixed Primary Critical Chance Helminth Invigorations not buffing Primary Shotguns.
Fixed Railjack On-Call Crew members playing their idle Transmissions in non-Railjack missions.
Fixed Excalibur being displayed when viewing the Operator collections in the Market. 
Fixed Chat Links for the Kompressa, Zymos, and Keratinos lacking build/acquisition hints.
Fixed Chat text appearing and becoming stuck on screen when maneuvering various options in the Pause Menus.
Fixed inability to select scroll bars for Chat windows when using a controller.
Fixed Mulciber Armor scaling on numerous Warframes.
Fixed Day of the Dead Glyphs being invisible on Nidus, Tenno & Orokin UI Themes.
Fixed HUD scramble audio and visual spam when in Fass puddles in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error that could occur when using Sevagoth's Shadow's Consume ability on an enemy just before it got converted to a Thrall by a Kuva Lich.
Fixed a script error related to the Simulacrum and Xaku. 
Fixed a script error when an On-Call Elite Crew member with an increased Pilot Trait spawned in a non-Railjack mission.
Fixed a script error by viewing Treasurer from the Codex in the Orbiter.
In Update 30.5, a restriction was added to the Exodia Contagion Arcane for Zaws, where it can only activate once while you remain in the air. To use Contagion again you must touch the ground.

## Sisters of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.2
**Date:** 2021-07-07T20:26:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The Waverider's Heart Decoration has been added to the Riptide Supporter Pack (hot-dropped server-side last night). We're working on a script to provide the Decoration to anyone who has already bought the Riptide Pack:
### Changes
Sisters Of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.2:
Time for some Yareli Buffs! Your feedback has been heard and implemented in the way of buffs to Yarelis kit.
Doubled Critical Chance amount from 100% to 200%.
Increased the number of Sea Snares created per ability cast to 5 (you can still have 15 maximum at once)
Changed Damage type to Cold.
Sea Snares deal damage-over-time to enemies caught within
we've upped the Damage Increase per second from 80 to 125.
Doubled the base Damage from 250 to 500. 
Increased Duration to 30 seconds.
Changed Damage type to Cold.
Doubled the Damage Scaling per enemy caught within Riptide from 25% to 50%. 
Reduced impulse on enemies after Riptide explodes so they don't get thrown as far away.
The Lich screen now displays helpful text that your Kuva Lich or Sister has fled to the respective Proxima region when appropriate. 
This change aims to help players progress along the new Lich showdown flow when they reach this point and diminish confusion as to where their Kuva Lich/Sister has gone. 
The Foundry will now give you the opportunity to buy Slots when claiming a Hound when you don't have 2 available (Hounds require 2 Slots, one for Hound and one for weapon).
Changed the Kuva Nukor description from "hit up to four" to "hit up to two" as it now hits two additional targets.
Removed the outdated Parazon Finisher information from Zephyr's Airburst description. 
Made placement adjustments to the Suda Armor on numerous Warframes.

### Fixes
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow having his own independent pool of Antiserum Charges, allowing him to use 3 of his own and 3 of Sevagoth's. Now Sevagoth's Shadow respects the maximum of 3 Antiserums total across Warframe, Operator, and Sevagoth's Shadow.
Fixed HUD not properly showing the number of Antiserum Charges you have accumulated between your Warframe, Operator, and Sevagoth's Shadow.
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow not being able to use any Antiserum Charges if he hasn't picked up any since you've taken control of him, despite Sevagoth having Antiserum Charges available.
Fixed a crash that could occur when firing the Tenet Envoy and dying at the same time.
Fixed a variety of crashes that would occur on shutdown.
Fixed a softlock occuring during the Kuva Lich or Sister Vanquish/Convert choice if you had an Arch-Gun equipped or any custom animation (Mesa's Peacemaker, etc).
Fixed inability to make the Vanquish/Convert choice if replaying the showdown mission.
This was achieved by entering the showdown mission, getting to the Vanquish/Convert choice, then backing out to the Dojo and going again.
Fixed not actually receiving the OULL Requiem after having your Kuva Lich/Sister flee. 
Accounts that did not actually receive their OULL Requiem will be fixed upon login.
Fixed not actually receiving the Requiem Ultimatum after Converting/Vanquishing your Kuva Lich/Sister.
Accounts that did not actually receive their Requiem Ultimatum will be fixed upon login.
Fixed not receiving a Riven when completing the Waverider Quest with Yareli already owned.
We're working on a script to fix accounts that did not receive the Riven. 
Fixed no longer being able to click the desired Riven after Cycling it (only the arrows would work).
Fixed Radar effects (Enemy Radar, Loot Radar, etc) not working while you are riding a K-Drive/Merulina. 
Fixed Host player being able to pop Client Yareli Sea Snare bubbles and vice versa.
Fixed getting a Sister Transmission everytime you Mercied a Hound (will now have a 10% to play instead of 100%).
Fixed End of Mission screen not showing the proper amount of Boosted Credits when some are Taxed by a Sister.
Fixed Waverider Challenge display not closing after using certain other options in the Pause Menu.
Fixed missing acquisition information for the Kompressa.
Fixed inability to release a target from Xaku's Gaze if you don't have Energy.
Fixed having bound Activate Power to another button resulting in an inability to use said bound button to cast Abilities while you're riding Merulina as Yareli. 
Fixed new Syndicate Emotes looking weird on Operators.
Fixed a minor grammar issue in the Converted Sister Inbox message. 
Fixed Stalker cosplaying as Excalibur in the 'What Stalker?' Bundle Market Diorama. 
Fixed poor placements of the Asakage Blade of the Lotus Shoulder Armor on Sevagoth.
Fixed the Sylus Arrow Skin using the Eros Arrow Skin icon in the Market and Inventory.
Fixed a script error if an enemy did a ground slam (eg: Heavy Gunner) and died mid cast.
Fixed a script error that could potentially occur when a Hound's Repo Audit Precept hit a player under a Radiation Status Effect.
Fixed a script error when your Kuva Lich uses certain abilities.
Fixed a script error when Fishing with a Shock Spear.
Fixed a script error when casting Gauss' Mach Rush ability.

## Sisters of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.1
**Date:** 2021-07-06T21:24:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Sisters Of Parvos: Hotfix 30.5.1:
Increased Yareli's Armor to 100 from 65.
Restored the correct crafting requirements to the Exilus Weapon Adapter Blueprint.
Blueprint no longer requires a built Exilus Weapon Adapter to craft an Exilus Weapon Adapter like some foundry-dwelling Ouroborus
Updated the OULL Requiem Mod description to remove the 'needed to complete a lethal sequence' line. 
Removed mentions of Arcane Adapter Blueprints in Tehsin's Steel Honors store
the full item is what's purchasable. 
Removed the Ambassador weapon eligibility from Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed no enemies spawning during the final stage of the Once Awake Quest(Defend the Cascade Bomb).
Fixed a crash that could occur during the Volatile Railjack gamemode. 
Fixed a crash that could occur if you died on a K-Drive.
Fixed a crash when falling off the K-Drive.
Fixed players who had previously Vanquished a Kuva Lich not receiving the Oull Requiem at login.
We're working on a script to provide the Oull Requiem to those effected. 
A script has been run on ALL platforms! Those who were eligible but did not receive their OULL Requiem upon login please relog!
Fixed players that deleted their Waverider Inbox message and was thus unable to progress. After going back to your Orbiter it will progress the Quest automatically.
Fixed a temporary inability to progress in the Waverider Quest if you opened Roky's Inbox message while in Fortuna.
Fixed Hosts keeping their goods after aborting the Lich showdown mission once their Lich has been Converted/Vanquished, which also punished the other squadmates.
Fixed the Sisters of Parvos cinematic opening playing for everyone on login as opposed to the intended viewing of eligible players.
Fixed inability to redeem Medallions for K-Drive Standing while the Waverider Quest is active.
Fixed Clients seeing the Corpus Axio Crewship with two shields.
Fixed duplicate instances of Kuva Grattler in Profile and Codex.
Fixed a few abilities, items and screens that were not applying weapon noise reduction properly nor correctly interacting with Mods that have that effect.
This should resolve issues with Ivara's Prowl, Loki's Hushed Invisibility, Banshee's passive
Fixed an issue where all Mining lasers could benefit from the Silencer Widget, but all along it was intended that only the Sunpoint Plasma Drill could benefit.
Fixed some tint coloring on Yareli's body. 
Fixed Hound Diversified Denial ability FX and coloring.
Fixed PHs appearing in Arcane Adapter.
Fixed missing Standing gain UI popup when redeeming Medallions.
Fixed issue where the backer of the Mod frames when Gilding/Polarizing a modular weapon of the day would be slightly hidden.
Fixed some Syndicate Armor offsets.
Fixed a script error occurring when viewing the Lich screen under poor network conditions. 
Fixed script error that could occur if you cast an ability right before the Hound's Denial aura expired.
Fixed several script errors in the Chains of Harrow Quest.
Fixed harmless script error you could run into when entering Railjack warp to escape a Lich.
Fixed a script error when casting Yareli's Riptide.
Fixed a script error when the Candidate despawns. 
Fixed a script error during a Kuva Lich/Sister showdown mission.

## Update 30.5: Sisters of Parvos
**Date:** 2021-07-06T15:02:10Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Legendary Rank 1 is now available for eligible Tenno thanks to the new Warframe Yareli and the abundance of weapons in this Update!
Mastery Ranks beyond 30 are considered/titled as "Legendary 1", "Legendary 2", etc.
New Melee weapon: Cadus 
A lone Tenno once used this staff to fight back a horde of Infested.
Find the Cadus Blueprint in the in-game Market for Credits!
New HARROW CRUCIS HELMET!
An alternate helmet for Harrow, minister of the Void's veiled verses.
Find this Helmet in the in-game Market or as part of future Nightwave Cred Offering rotations.
Added a new Mouse Cursor option inspired by Yareli! To equip, go to Options > Interface > UI Customization. 
Added custom spin whoosh sounds and updated animations for the Kaszas Arch-Melee weapon. 
New Challenges
Squad Goals
Attain Command Rank 10
Meeting Adjourned
Acquire all Sisters of Parvos Weapons
Strategic Development
Complete all Corpus Proxima Railjack Nodes

### Changes
Update 30.5: Sisters Of Parvos:
The Kuva Lich system, originally introduced in the Old Blood update on Halloween of 2019, has expanded to introduce a new faction! The Sisters of Parvos update will bring your own personal Corpus adversary to the Origin System. Those acquainted with the Kuva Lich system will find familiarity with the Sisters of Parvos, but with a full Corpus experience!
A new cinematic awaits those who have finished The Call of The Tempestarii and The War Within...
Completed the Call of the Tempesterii Quest
First, one must not have an active Kuva Lich, meaning a Kuva Lich and Sister cannot actively be hunting you at the same time
it's one or the other! Once you are free from the grips of your Kuva Lich (the process is faster now, see below) it's time to enter The Granum Void!
Once back in your Orbiter, the Sisters name is revealed and takes over the pre-existing Kuva Lich screen to display all her attributes, abilities, AND her trusty Hound. New to the Lich system these Hounds serve as the Sisters personal assassin, tasked with making your life difficult within the Sisters influenced Sector.
Your Sister then begins her reign over the Star Chat by influencing nodes as her own, but she won't let you walk into her Sector easily.
To help with matchmaking, we have made influence nodes consistent across all Lich and Sister levels.
Venus is where Sisters of Parvos start at Rank 1!
Once in an influenced node, the Sister's Hound is released!
While these Hounds pose a much harder battle than Kuva Lich Thralls, the Murmur progress is significantly greater.
In addition, Hound Mercy Kills can award you Requiem Relics!
As a typical Corpus, your Sister will steal any earned Credits from the mission.
As you continue fighting the Sister's Hound on influenced nodes the chance of having your Sister spawn in the mission increases. The process of testing the Requiem order on your Sister is similar to Kuva Liches as failure levels her up, but instead of providing Kuva you and your squadmates can earn between 5K-10K Credits per Requiem attempt.
Once you've performed the correct sequence of Requiem Mods on your Sister, she will flee to a final, guaranteed showdown in her Capital Ship within Railjack in the Neptune Proxima (minimum Pilot Intrinsic 5)! Take her on when you're ready. Other Tenno looking to fight their own Sister of Parvos will matchmake to the same node, where you can work side-by-side to take down your unique foes one-by-one!
Complete the Railjack objective to gain access to the Capital Ship. As you traverse through the Capital Ship corridors in search of your Sister you must defeat Warframe Specters tasked with protecting her.
Once you've Parazoned the Requiem Sequence you have the familiar decision to either Convert or Vanquish your Sister. Converting a Sister earns you back all stolen Credits, allows her to randomly join you in mission as an ally and becomes eligible for a Railjack Crew member (including On-Call)! Vanquishing your Sister earns you back all stolen Credits, the Sister's signature weapon, and Ephemera (if applicable).
Hound Component Blueprints are tradeable. Visit Legs in Fortuna to assemble a Hound Companion with your Components! Here you can also Provide your Hound to Legs for 4K Solaris United Standing. This amount is higher in comparison to MOA Companions due to the acquisition flow required for a Hound.
*Building a Hound includes a weapon, therefore requiring 2 Companion Slots.
Hound Precepts are rewarded based on the Model, Bracket, and Stabilizer chosen at Legs in Fortuna.
*Precept stats below are at max rank.
Melee Hound weapons are rewarded after claiming a completed Hound from the Foundry (when you've vanquished a Sister of Parvos) or when building a Hound at Legs in Fortuna. The Melee weapon type is dependent on the Hound's Model.
Errant Specters in the Granum Void have a chance to drop Spectral Debris. This Resource is used in the Hound Component crafting process.
*Subsumed Helminth Abilities cannot be used while Merulina is active.
*Aquablades is Yareli's Helminth Ability!
Purchase Yareli in the in-game Market or earn the Yareli Blueprint from the Waverider Quest and her parts from the new VENTKIDS' BASH LAB Dojo Room as Clan Tech!
WF_YareliProfile_VID2_AllPlatforms_ESRB_3840x2160_60fps_H264_July6.mp4Unavailable
If you purchase Yareli with Platinum, you will receive a Riven Mod as a Quest Reward in addition to the Yareli Blueprint and the Yareli Prex Card!
*For those who accidentally sell the Yareli Blueprint you can find another in Simaris' Offerings once the Waverider Quest is complete.
** Yareli being able to switch to and from Operator while aboard Merulina is in progress for a future Hotfix. 
*** Known Issue: Security Cameras cannot detect Yareli while she is on Merulina. This will be fixed.
Purchase the Kompressa in the in-game Market or from Ventkid Offerings for Standing.
Purchase the Merulina Syandana in the in-game Market!
Purchase the Yareli Physalia Helmet in the in-game Market or as part of future Nightwave Cred Offering rotations.
Purchase the Yareli Agile & Noble Animations in the in-game Market!
The youthful sovereign of the sea arises from the waves, attired for battle. Includes Yareli Warframe, Yareli Physalia Helmet, Kompressa Pistol, Merulina Syandana, Waverider's Heart Decoration, and 3-Day Affinity and Credit Boosters.
Purchase the Waverider Collection in the in-game Market! If you gift this Collection to a friend, you'll receive a bonus copy of Waverider's Heart Decoration!
Be on the lookout for Kuva Larvlings with the following new weapons:
We have changed the way you progress against your Lich by having consistent Influence regions per level of your Lich!.
The problem we aim to solve here is scattered matchmaking for players seeking Murmurs overall. Players would often have the same goal but never cross paths due to their Liches separation across the Origin System.
The details of this change are:
1) Rank 1 Kuva Liches appear on Earth
2) Rank 2 Kuva Liches appear on Mars
3) Rank 3 Kuva Liches appear on Ceres
4) Rank 4 Kuva Liches appear on Sedna
5) Rank 5 Kuva Liches appear on the Kuva Fortress
*Please note: if you had an Active Lich before the Update, it'll progress through its current occupation nodes before it adopts the new Region flow.
This new Oull Requiem Mod counts as the correct Requiem Sequence for whatever Parazon Requiem slot it is in when taking down a Lich or Sister of Parvos! Like other Requiem Mods, the Oull can be used successfully 3 times.
Earn this new Requiem as a 25% drop chance when your Kuva Lich or Sister of Parvos flees after you've used the correct Requiem Sequence. *This Requiem only drops for the person whose Lich/Sister is downed.
Earn this Requiem Ultimatum as a 25% drop chance when choosing to either Convert or Vanquish your Kuva Lich or Sister of Parvos. *This Requiem only drops for the person whose Lich/Sister is downed.
Between reducing the required Murmurs, adding OULL, adding Requiem Ultimatums, and having this new flow, we have shortened the Kuva Lich cycle and added more control for all Tenno! The final fight is now on your terms, and we hope you enjoy the efforts to improve and simplify this system!
We have made Valence Fusion for Weapons more intuitive in this Update! We are inheriting the behaviour we added for Railjack which was much more clear to our players!
Throughout our boss design history, we have added things like diminishing returns and damage mitigation techniques like armor or damage attenuation. In the time since we've launched the Kuva Liches, we've made adjustments to how we handle player damage vs. Liches. We've done things like add allowing Status Effects and attenuate damage to try and create a balanced combat experience. Like many bosses in Warframe, Liches have some damage modifiers applied to them.
We found a bug in the damage attenuation code, and have fixed it and polished the attenuation for Kuva Liches.
This system generally targets the scenario of very high damage things like the Void Rig's Arquebex vs. a Kuva Lich, a scenario that is now possible due to the final showdown being based in Railjack. When we were testing this Voidrig Vs Lichout, our Liches barely lasted a second and we realized the damage attenuation code could use some review! We found bugs to fix and things to tweak to account for these new scenarios. Our only intention is to give you a fight that lasts more than mere seconds
happy hunting and may your teamwork and gear lead you to victory! We will be closely reviewing this to ensure we strike the right balance of a fight that requires teamwork and consistent offensive gameplay to beat, but also doesn't feel impossible. Feedback is welcome!
Updated the Lich Tutorial screen to include new Lich flow and Sisters related information.
Changed the "Captured Liches" category to "Converted Adversaries" in the Trade window.
If you do not have any Kuva Lich or Sisters of Parvos history in your Codex, a pop-up message will appear to tell you that you have not encountered any. 
Added new Kuva Lich transmissions for the following scenarios:
Lich Defeated Player Taunt
Lich Downed Player
Lich Kills Player
Fixed failing Requiem Mods sequence affecting the appearance of other players' Kuva Liches.
Fixed holding the Parazon as if it was a sidearm if a Host migration occurred during the Kuva Lich Parazon stab animation.
Fixed instances where Parazon would become invisible or not animating during Kuva Lich attempts. 
Fixed getting stuck in other players' Kuva Lich stab cinematics.
Parazon attacks were introduced in The Old Blood as a way to Mercy kill enemies. This stylish and universal blade has had a clear role in all things Liches, but their role in the game at large has been hard to play around. There are problems in need of solving, and the below outlines how we've done just that!
We are changing their design, adding new Mods (thanks Design Council!), and refreshing the system.
All humanoid Eximus
Grineer
Heavy Gunners
Bombards
Corpus
Scrambus
Nullifiers
Infested
Ancients
And the logic is rooted in the following common scenario:
You can plan and decide!
But what about really high levels you ask?
We have made changes to this since our original Developer Workshop.
Up until level 150, the Parazon Finisher triggers at 40% Health remaining. 
After that, every 5 levels reduces the threshold by 1%, down to a minimum of 10%! Eligible Enemy Health bars will have a notch on them to indicate these thresholds..
This change was made to make it more clear to our players, as well as still approach guaranteed kills at high levels with an amount of balance.
Each Proxima Void Storm can reward Corrupted Holokeys as Common mission rewards. These replace the End of Mission Void Trace rewards from Void Storms.
EARTH VOID STORM
2x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
VENUS VOID STORM
2x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
SATURN VOID STORM
4x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
NEPTUNE VOID STORM
3x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
PLUTO VOID STORM
5x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
VEIL PROXIMA VOID STORM
6x Corrupted Holokey: Common 37.50%
Visit Ergo Glast in a Relay and view his new weekly Merchandise. Every week Ergo will have 1x version of each new Tenet Melee weapon with its additional bonus Damage / Elemental for 40 Corrupted Holokeys.
By visiting Ergo each week with Corrupted Holokeys in hand you can collect them all to Valence Transfer week over week until you get the best possible version of each weapon. If collecting is more your style then Ergo will always have something in stock!
5 New Parazon Mods are here! Find them all today to add new power and Utility to your Parazon!
Find the Ember Pyraxis Skin, Volca Syandana and Flamethrower Plazm Skin in the in-game Market.
Each Syndicate has added respective Armor Sets to showcase your loyalty! Including Ostron Armor from Hok in Cetus, and Solaris Armor from Rude Zuud in Fortuna! That's 8 unique Armor sets in total to collect! The most ever released in a single Update!
PLUS, each Syndicate (excluding Ostron and Solaris) has new Emotes based on familiar Railjack Crew animations!
All of these new Offerings are Tradable!
Veiled Riven Cipher (one a week)
This cipher can be consumed to identify the selected Veiled Riven to bypass its Challenge.
Replaces Transmute/Cycle button in Mod Segment when a Veiled Riven is selected.
With the number of new Steel Path rewards being introduced in this update, we wanted to address those strategies, while also bringing up the lower average. We hope these changes reinforce one of this update's main themes
you should be able to play the game however you want, without feeling forced into prevalent strategies.
Acolytes will now spawn more frequently during Steel Path missions, resulting in more Steel Essence being dropped overall!
Steel Path Incursions will each offer a reward of 5 Steel Essence, increased from 3. 
Steel Essence will now remain on the ground for 5 minutes before disappearing. If the UI marker is blinking, be sure to get it before it's gone!
For consistency, Vitus Essence follows the same rules and will remain on the ground for 5 minutes before disappearing. 
Acolytes will now be teleported to a safe location if pulled into water. This fixes Itzal's Cosmic Crush pulling Acolytes into water volumes where they instantly died. 
Fixed Acolyte spawns becoming extremely slow or stopping altogether in specific Steel Path mission types
most commonly reproduced in Disruption or Survival.
Acolytes will now drop 1 of 6 New Arcanes on death!
PRIMARY MERCILESS
On Kill:
+30% Damage for 4s. Stacks up to 12x.
+30% Reload Speed
+100% Ammo Max
PRIMARY DEADHEAD
On Headshot Kill:
120% Damage for 24s. Stacks up to 3x. 
+30% to Headshot Multiplier.
-50% Weapon Recoil
PRIMARY DEXTERITY
On Melee Kill: 
+60% Damage for 20s. Stacks up to 6x. 
+60% Holster Speed. 
+7.5s Combo Duration.
SECONDARY MERCILESS
On Kill:
+30% Damage for 4s. Stacks up to 12x.
+30% Reload Speed
+100% Ammo Max

SECONDARY DEADHEAD
On Headshot Kill:
120% Damage for 24s. Stacks up to 3x. 
+30% to Headshot Multiplier.
-50% Weapon Recoil

SECONDARY DEXTERITY
On Melee Kill: 
+60% Damage for 20s. 
Stacks up to 6x. 
+60% Holster Speed. 
+7.5s Combo Duration.
MELEE / PRIMARY BALANCE CHANGES
The Arsenal Divide
Tenno,
When choosing weapons for a mission, the Tenno have a lot to consider...
The average player will ask themselves at least one of these questions (usually more) before making a selection. Not all weapons are built equal, but ideally there are several answers to each query, so that Tenno can make their own choices from a variety of options and keep things fresh. If one category of weapons outclasses all the others, or makes them feel redundant, then we as developers want to step in to make sure choice exists for the sake of fun.
Enter melee weapons, and equally importantly, the Mods you can use on them. Tenno have spent years sharpening their blades, but as a result, we've seen Primary and Secondary weapons collecting rust. And the longer we avoid addressing it, the worse this divide will become.
Our goal is to encourage you to use your entire Arsenal in-mission. Switching between Primary, Secondary, and Melee weapons should feel like valid and strategic options, in contrast to the uncontested Melee dominance that exists in the current meta. We want Melee to be fun and powerful as you rip and tear your way through the solar system but we want players to have that same level of fun and power with Primary and Secondary weapons should that be their preference.
Melee Mod Nerfs
Weapon Changes
Primary and Secondary Weapon Arcanes
Galvanized Mods
Login Items
If you'd rather watch a video going over this Workshop and the Sisters of Parvos Update at large, check this out:
We have 5 categories of changes coming:
Attack Speed increases for Melee are part of what makes it so dominant. This is especially true when the conditions to reach animation-breaking Attack Speed are as simple as current Berserker: 'on Critical Hit'. Infinite Attack-Speed Uptime is possible with a single Mod, and the result is animation noise with no distinction between hits, coupled with massive Damage output.
We still want to support the ability to increase your Melee Attack Speed and Damage Output, just not to the levels you currently can.
Berserker is changing from:
+30% Attack Speed (Max 75%) for 24s on Critical Hit
To:
Berserker Fury, cannot stack with Fury. 
On Melee Kill:
+35% Attack Speed (Max 70%) for 10s. Stacks up to 2x.
This is important because:
It decouples it from Critical Chance.
Adds a more defined ramp up using 'On Kill' instead of On Crit (which frequently meant 0 to 'Max' in one swing hitting 3 enemies). 
Renamed to Berserker Fury to communicate that it can no longer be equipped with Fury / Primed Fury.
Blood Rush's maximum value is being lowered.This changes the achievability of consistent Red Crits from just one Mod (on most Melee weapons, some High-Critical exceptions), and now additional help will be needed via Mods, Arcanes, or Warframe abilities to achieve consistent Red Crits.
One Mod alone generally delivering the best tier of Criticals felt too powerful.
Blood Rush is changing from:
+60% Critical Chance stacks with Combo Multiplier
To
+40% Critical Chance stacks with Combo Multiplier
There should now be a more meaningful choice: do you want front loaded damage or a build up from multiple Status Types?
Condition Overload is changing from:
+120% Melee Damage per Status Type affecting the target.
To
+80% Melee Damage per Status Type affecting the target.
In late 2020, we reworked the Glaive melee class to be more powerful and comfortable to use. Overall, we feel these changes had their intended effect as weapons like the Glaive Prime skyrocketed from obscurity to the top of the pile with their newfound ability to inflict huge damage using heavy attacks.
However, these changes also introduced a common issue: players with high melee attack speed would sometimes accidentally throw their Glaives when trying to perform simple melee strikes, and the "catch and release" mechanic sometimes resulted in multiple unintended throws. In reviewing our Melee system, we felt it was a good opportunity to address this concern, while also doing a balancing pass to reflect the power in this newly reworked melee class.
That said, our two changes to Glaives go hand in hand:
Cerata
Direct Hit Damage from 366 to 201
Radial Damage from 549 to 333
Falcor
Direct Hit Damage from 460 to 250
Radial Damage from 690 to 345
Glaive
Direct Hit Damage from 210 to 116
Radial Damage from 315 to 190
Glaive Prime
Direct Hit Damage from 328 to 180
Radial Damage from 492 to 296
Halikar
Direct Hit Damage from 298 to 163
Radial Damage from 447 to 225
Halikar Wraith
Direct Hit Damage from 503 to 263
Radial Damage from 621 to 329
Kestrel
Direct Hit Damage from 168 to 92
Radial Damage from 252 to 126
Orvius
Direct Hit Damage from 390 to 215
Radial Damage from to 520 to 293
Pathocyst
Direct Hit Damage from 524 to 288
Radial Damage from 786 to 393
Xoris
Direct Hit Damage from 240 to 120
Radial Damage from 480 to 250
We are indeed touching 1 non-Melee item in the series of Nerfs, and likely to no one's surprise it's the Kuva Nukor. It's a dominant Secondary with incredible power, which is warranted given its acquisition. It'll keep all of its signature behaviour, but the general output is being notched down slightly with the following change:
Chains targets reduced to 2 from 4
Reduced the Vermisplicers tendril chains from 5 to 3.
After the original publication of our Dev Workshop, we observed and noted that the Vermisplicer's behaviour is very similar to the Kuva Nukor. To this end, we wanted to ensure we were consistent in handling the beam chain weapons in this update.
With all the information about how we are lessening power in some ways, let's move onto the way we are increasing the power available to Primary & Secondary weapon options.
Because the Gunplay falloff is more of a late-game problem, these new Upgrades will be earned through late-game content systems -
namely, the Steel Path. You'll be able to get the Arcane Slot Unlockers from Steel Path Honors, whereas the Arcanes themselves drop from Acolytes in the Steel Path! The spawn frequency of Acolytes is also being increased, meaning you'll get more Steel Essence, as well as more chances for the Arcane you want. All Acolytes will drop them!
There are 6 Arcanes (3 Primary, 3 Secondary) that you'll be able to rank up and put to put into the new Slots:
The more you kill, the more damage you can build up. Groovy!
The second Primary Arcane is designed with high precision weapons in mind. Make your Headshots count for greater performance (excluding AOE headshots)!:
The final Primary Arcane is designed with using your full loadout in mind, enter Melee synergy:
The stats are the same for the Secondary versions of the New Arcanes:
Ultimately each Arcane stacks up to the same amount of damage, but it's how you choose to get there that counts. Precision? Spray and Pray? Melee synergy? Your choice!
The "Arcane Adapters themselves are an item you'll need to install on the weapons you want to take further, and you can find the Primary and Secondary Arcane Adapters in the Steel Path Honors. The Arcanes themselves drop from Acolytes on The Steel Path.
Our observation that Arsenal imbalance becomes obvious at higher level content means that we want your progression to this content to matter for your power level. We want to give you the tools to progress to optimal play with a new series of Mods: Galvanized Mods!
New Galvanized Mods:
Galvanized Crosshairs
Galvanized Diffusion
Galvanized Shot
Galvanized Scope
Galvanized Chamber
Galvanized Aptitude
Galvanized Hell
Galvanized Acceleration
Galvanized Savvy
As with many of our large-scale reworks and changes in the past, we want to honour the investment of time and resources our players have put into their Arsenal! Since these changes are both wide-sweeping and precise, we have a general login inbox planned for all players, with a few bonuses for those who meet certain conditions.
With the release of Update 30.5: Sisters of Parvos, players will receive the following upon login:
All Players Mastery Rank 5 and above will receive 5 x Built Forma.
All Players Mastery Rank 5 and above will receive a 3-Day Affinity Booster.
Any Player who owns a Kuva Nukor will receive an extra 2 x Built Forma.
All Players who owned ANY Lich Weapon at any point OR have a Converted Lich OR have an active Lich get 1x Requiem Ultimatum (a new item to taunt a Lich or Sister into battle)!
Players who have Converted a Kuva lich OR vanquished a Kuva Lich will get OULL, which is a Requiem Wildcard Mod!
The delivery of these changes is rooted in our goals, and if we miss the mark we'll be watching for what to tweak. Keep in mind what our goals and visions are when you give feedback after playing!
Critical Delay
Critical Chance from 187% to 200% -36% fire rate to -20% fire rate
Creeping Bullseye
Critical Chance from 187% to 200% -36% fire rate to -20% fire rate
Critical Deceleration
Critical Chance from 48% to 200% -30% fire rate to -20% fire rate can no longer stack with Blunderbuss/Primed Blunderbuss*** If we release that.... ;) Maybe. 
Cautious Shot increased from 90% to 100%
The Sisters of Parvos update will bring three new Modular Hound Companions, each with a unique Melee weapon.
While reviewing these Companion Weapons, we noticed the Helios-old problem that there's a lot of Melee Mods that you can equip, but don't really function on companion Melee.
There's also some 'invisible gear hopping' where if you put Mods on your Deconstructor (or Prime), they carry over to your Melee which is a many-year-old oversight we've lived with, but are approaching changes more thoroughly with this Update and as a result we're patching up this behaviour.
These are mostly Mods that deal with combos or heavy attacks, since Companions do not have these features as well as other certain outliers. As a result the following Mods will be incompatible with the upcoming three Hound weapons and retroactively will no longer work with the Deconstructor and Deconstructor Prime:
Amalgam Organ Shatter
Corrupt Charge
Enduring Strike
Body Count
Blood Rush
Dispatch Overdrive
Drifting Contact
Energy Channel
Finishing Touch
Focus Energy
Focused Defense
Guardian Derision
Killing Blow
Life Strike
Maiming Strike
Parry
Quickening
Reflex Coil
Relentless Combination
Seismic Wave
True Punishment
Weeping Wounds

Gladiator Might
Gladiator Rush
Gladiator Vice
Carnis Mandible
Jugulus Barbs
Saxum Thorax
Motus Impact
Proton Snap
Tek Gravity
Strain Infection
This is similar to other MMOs, you won't retroactively get leveled up for past play when the Helminth level cap increases.
Helminth Invigorations are here! Take a seat, Tenno. Helminth has some flavours of the week!
Every week, your Helminth will have an Affinity toward 3 Warframes. You can interact with Helminth with these Warframes to gain select Weekly Buffs (one Offensive and one Utility/Defense)! For example:
Zephyr: 200% Power Strength and Immune To Status
Atlas: 200% Primary Critical Chance and +1000 Armor
Excalibur: 250% Melee Damage and 75% power Efficiency
Once you infuse the Invigoration, it lasts the week before the power of the Helminth wears off. Check back each week to see what options your Helminth has for you!
The Helminth takes note of your interactions
for every 10 Invigorations you do, you'll be able to Select what Warframe receives the next buff!
The below are our continued efforts to streamline the Companion System structure that is now almost 7 years old! With a combination of Community feedback and internal desires we've changed the following:
The following changes occurred due to the following scenario being shared:
A player reported that combining Umbral Mods + Adaptation + Lightning Rod on any Warframe made them fully immune to all damage from the Hydrolyst Eidolon.
Prior to this discovery, we already made sure we couldn't reach 100% Damage Resistance because that would just be excessive in all cases. You can see this in action when we capped the 'In Air' Damage Resistance Mods. Even though the Mods theoretically could reach 100% Damage Resistance, there is a hard cap at 90%.
0.75 x 0.75 x 0.75 x 0.75 = 31.5% damage taken AKA 68.5% damage reduction
Jugulus Rex enemies drop the Necramech Mods from Operation: Orphix Venom:
Necramech Deflection
Necramech Rebuke
Necramech Repair
Necramech Enemy Sense
Necramech Augur
Necramech Rage
Necramech Aviator
Vala Community Glyph by FrostyNovaPrime
Gara Prime Community Glyph by SpaceWaifu
Yareli Community Glyph by Joriale
Yareli Community Display by Trash_Frame
Vala and Parvos Community Display by Finlaena
Doubled the Vitus Essence drop rate from Arbitration Drones to 6% from 3%!
Vitus Essence will now remain on the ground for 5 minutes before disappearing. If the UI marker is blinking, be sure to get it before it's gone!
Ammo Chain will now give Mausolon 1800 Ammo pool instead of 1799.
Adjusted the Infested screen FX (Jordas Golem, Cambion Drift Fass pool FX) to be more orange, as the previous red was being mistaken for blood/Health damage.
Renamed 'REGALIA' to 'SIGILS' to aid in New Player understanding.
Updated all of New Loka's mouth shapes for the visemes to improve the overall quality. 
Updated all of Nora Night's visemes so it uses all the correct mouth shapes.
Added 'Available Sessions' icons to Friends list to indicate when players are available to join. 
Updated Flux Rifle muzzle FX.
Updated the Clan 'View Permissions' pop-up.
Added "Ready for Ascension" and "Accession Ceremony in Progress:" information as a on-hover popup in the Clan management window. 
Improved shading and shape definition of Operator faces.
The Archwing Galvanized Blade Mod has been renamed to Conductive Blade so that it doesn't get confused with the new Steel Path Galvanized Mods. 
Updated Boon's visemes
better lipsyncing for our favorite K-Driving rebel. 
Updated the Trade error message to "Failed to make offer; your trade partner already owns one or more of these items and cannot receive a duplicate." when attempting to Trade a Skin that a player already owns. 
Added ability to hover over currencies in the top right bar for their names and descriptions.
Added missing charge/reload sound FX from Ground Archwing Guns to the Space versions.
Players can now install an Orokin Catalyst / Orokin Reactor onto ungilded Modular items, specifically: 
Kitguns (Primary + Secondary)
Zaw (Melee) 
Modular Companions (Moas + Hounds)
Being unable to install a Reactor or Catalyst onto an ungilded modular item significantly slowed down progression on new Modular items. Players who were willing to make the investment into Modular items weren't able to Mod them to their full capacity, which left their new gear feeling very underpowered. So we have removed that restriction!
Change armed camera offsets when riding the K-Drive to allow for easier view of combat.
Updated Sequence Burn Spectra Mod from +Range to +Beam Length.
All K-Drives can now do a grind Slam Shockwave! Bomb the landin' K-Drive Mod will now buff the Damage and Range of the Shockwave.
Added small and large grind slam FX and set the default Board to its original orange for K-Drives.
General system micro-optimizations.
Optimized Dojo initialization time. 
Made micro-optimizations to world-state synchronization.
Made some micro-optimizations to object creation code. 
Made micro-optimizations to Void Storm missions.
Made micro-optimizations to kill tracking.
Improved pixel-sharpness of the Launcher on high-resolution displays.
Fixed potential small memory leaks throughout the game.
Optimized memory footprint for all platforms.
Optimized an effect texture to save 300K of RAM. 
Optimized memory footprint in the Orb Vallis.
Optimized memory footprint when spawning enemies.
Optimized when opening up the Gear Wheel. 
Optimized memory footprint in all levels. 
Made Ayatan Sculptures dynamically load if needed rather than keeping all loaded all the time to save ~3.5MB.
Optimized plant and foliage rendering for all platforms.
Optimized away 2MB of heap memory for all platforms.
Optimized code-size slightly for all platforms.
Optimized memory use for all platforms. 
Made systemic micro-optimizations throughout the game.
Made optimizations to HUD with missions that have blinking markers.
Fixed World State Tabs and button prompt icons for Steel Path overlapping when using a controller. 
Fixed being unable to open the Crew Contracts menu at Ticker in Fortuna when using a controller. 
The right trigger is now called out to access the contracts. 
Fixed being unable to reliably select a mission node in Navigation while using a controller.

### Fixes
Fixed functionality loss when Void Dashing in the air while playing The Index.
Fixed Excalibur's Furious Javelin buff becoming permanent and stacking on itself by manipulating recasting and buff timer.
Fixed harmless script error that could occur after a host migration during a Kuva Lich showdown.
Fixed Reactant not appearing for squad members when both players are using Necramechs or K-Drives.
Fixed several Corpus Archwing enemy types not attacking or repositioning at certain ranges in Archwing missions.
Fixed Warframe or weapon becoming invisible during Jackal Assassination mission (Venus
Fossa) when standing close to the wall in either of the hologram display objects to the right/left of the main entrance wall.
Fixed some of Atlas Karst and Nidus Phryke materials.
Fixed top-of-screen health bar positions appearing/disappearing when HUD scale is not set to 100. 
Fixed ability info popup for Warframes in the in-game Market appearing way too high.
Fixed crash while loading back to the Orbiter from the Dojo.
Fixed Companions stopping mid-animation when loading in and out of Deimos. 
Fixed being unable to select 'Confirm' in the Helminth Configuration options after selecting an ability to be replaced. 
Fixed Clan Alliance text potentially extending outside the UI container.
Fixed the description for the Conclave Martial Fury mod being misleading. Was "+20% Fire Rate, -50% Power Rate" now: "+20% Attack Speed, -50% Energy Rate". 
Fixed Synth Set mods reverting to a single mod bonus after death.
Fixed a script error that would occur if you tried to rip the limbs off of an enemy.
Fixed the interact prompt appearing for players visiting other player Orbiters when approaching their Sentinel station.
Fixed not being able to switch to your Secondary while on K-Drive.
Fixed not being able to use certain Specters while on K-Drive (Clem, Ancient healer, etc).
Fixed ceiling gaps in Fortuna. 
Fixed crash when opening Abilities screen in the Arsenal. 
Fixed script error when attempting to change graphics preset using arrows in Options. 
Fixed 'Preview Gilded' not showing correct colors/textures for MOA companions at Legs in Fortuna. 
Fixed Ivara Prowl being able to gain Energy from sources like Trinity's Energy Vampire and Energy Restores when other abilities cannot.
Fixed Gammacor beam offsets when riding a K-Drive.
Fixed mod flickering up and down when attempting to upgrade it at the mod segment. 
Fixed being unable to click or drag the Helminth Metamorphosis menu's scroll bar. 
Fixed Grineer enemies getting stuck in implacements when you flank them and they attempt to turn to face you. 
Fixed shells not ejecting correctly from the Corinth while aiming. 
Fixed map hole near the Cerebrum Magna in the Cambion Drift. 
Fixed the Paradiso and Sigma Series Chest and Shoulder Plates floating away from Atlas Prime with the Blade of the Lotus skin equipped.
Fixed script error with Wukong's Passive. 
Fixed drifting hand animation issues with Mother in the Cambion Drift when she exits her pod. 
Fixed 'Today's Special' is not visible from Legs or Roky in Fortuna.
Fixed a rare edge case of context actions auto-activating after transferring back from the Operator. 
Fixed script error with spawn teleports.
Fixed GPU particle's mesh emission not scaling properly.
Fixed 'Copy Warframe Colors' not working for Conclave Loadouts.
Fixed Affinity numbers not showing while riding K-Drives.
Fixed being unable to fire Secondary weapon while sprinting on K-Drive.
It will now work similarly to when you are on foot, shooting simply brings you to cruising speeds. 
Fixed Warframe ability level ups displaying as 255 when it occurs on K-Drive.
Possible fixes for a variety of rare crashes. 
Fixed the snow and smoke flickering against each other near the extraction zone in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. This also fixes flickering during the extraction cinematic.
Fixed map hole in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when running with debug drivers on a Windows 7 machine. 
Fixed a harmless script error that would occur if you ran over a Ghoul's grave with a K-Drive. 
Fixed the Flux Rifle beam's impact sounds.
Fixed script error related to Nezha's Divine Spears.
Fixed detonating a Glaive early can lead to automatic charge up after catch.
Fixed Glaive automatically throwing after heavy slam if caught in mid-air.
Fixed your Warframe blinking in and out of invisibility when the Unairu Void Shadow is active.
Fixed missing Necramech landing sounds when transitioning from jump to run/walk.
Fixed Lex Prime's clip being offset and rotated horizontally with the Lex Conclave skin equipped. 
Fixed the Terra Trenchers not doing more than one melee hit in their combo. 
Fixed being unable to roll, jump, shoot, use context action, etc for an extended period of time when knocked off of K-Drive. 
Fixed script error with Mirage's Prism and Eclipse. 
Fixed some cases of inconsistent game times between Host and Client after host migration (eg. Wisp being invisible after jumping after host migration).
Fixed Kuva Lich not leveling up if you get disconnected from the internet before using Parazon on Lich. 
Fixed K-Drive booster appearing stretched on the rail to the right of the Fortuna elevator in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed a green orb appearing at the Warframe's legs after picking up points in the Index.
Fixed objects floating outside the Defense pod in the Stephano, Uranus Defense mission.
Fixed inability to color customize the Crania Ephemera. 
Fixed Frostfall Ephemera missing its ice skin FX.
Fixed Manic Bombards not choosing to use their guns unless you're out of reach and also throwing imaginary grenades.
Fixed Inertia Dampeners not increasing K-Drive trick multiplier.
Fixed ability to spin the camera around when you're capturing a Capture Target.
Fixed Host having stronger stagger compared to Clients when using Cautious Shot. 
Fixed strange orb appearing in the Operator while in Void Mode while playing Index missions. 
Fixed the Kuza and Hellkite Liset Skins using the incorrect icons in the in-game Market. 
Fixed some of the Helminth Ability icons appearing invisible with the light UI themes (Orokin, Tenno & Nidus). 
Fixed Squad menu not reopening if you mouse too far across it.
Fixed some Syandanas and Armor attachments not sitting correctly on Crew Members.
Fixed Railjack Host being unable to use Navigation after host migration in Free Flight.
Fixed a random mod appearing when opening and closing the pause menu while in the Railjack Pilot seat.
Fixed the Grineer platform in the POIs in Railjack missions having multiple seams across its outer surface.
Fixed Dargyn Pilots not appearing as expected and with overly vivid colors.
Fixed 'Add Friend' auto focusing on message instead of Name. 
Fixed Alliance permissions screen displaying incorrectly in a bunch of languages. 
Fixed Mastery Rank icons in the End of Mission player tooltip screen appearing incorrectly tinted. 
Fixed Railjack engine sounds playing when inspecting Railjack items in the in-game Market.
Fixed the Residual Boils FX missing range circle on low graphics default. 
Fixed camera detaching from Warframe after switching to Operator over teleport volumes.
Fixed some rare animation pops when riding K-Drive.
Fixed script error that could occur if you joined in progress while an enemy NPC cast Magnetize.
Fixed Nekros' Shadows of the Dead clones counting as enemies killed in the Mastery Rank 30 test. 
Fixed Nihil's Oubliette mission appearing on top of Taranis Node in the Void.
Fixed buff notification for Arcane Energize and Grace showing up as a cooldown instead of an upgrade duration. It now appears as a debuff.
Fixed SMAA with Bloom causing black boxes on Kuva Siphon.
Fixed issues with extraction marker pulse color in mini map. 
Fixed the War's Energy color appearing blue instead of red.
Fixed an issue where the endless Defense checkpoint wouldn't clear between missions.
Fixed Magnus magazine not ejecting properly during reload while riding K-Drive. 
Fixed a few nooks missing collisions in the Corpus Gas City Defense missions. 
Fixed being unable to use the Xoris as a melee weapon after detonating it while Chroma's Spectral Scream is active.
Fixed the Archgun Ace Mod not applying its buff while in Necramech. 
Fixed flashing textures on floor in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed script error with Wukong's Celestial Twin. 
Fixed script error with Mirage's Eclipse. 
Fixed issues with white squares appearing in the UI.
Fixed Protea's Blaze Artillery trying to target untargetable enemies.

## Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.5
**Date:** 2021-06-10T19:47:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
We are putting our heads down after this Hotfix to give all of our attention, time, and resources into delivering Sisters of Parvos ON ALL PLATFORMS. We will still be around on socials and streams! But we will not be Hotfixing unless it is an absolute emergency. Thank you!
### Changes
Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.5:
Reduced the Ambulas Assassination Amino Nav Beacon Requirement from 20 to 5 and changed the End of Mission Amino Nav Beacon reward from 10 to 3 to match the initial reduction. 
Updated Color Palette titles for Smoke and Pride to be consistent with other Palette titles.
Made some systemic micro-optimizations to post-processing.
Made systemic optimizations to rendering.
Made some micro-optimizations to Dx11 rendering on PC.
Made a micro-optimization to backdrop rendering.

### Fixes
Fixed seeing a '[PH] Description' hovering above Crew mates when wandering around your Railjack in a Relay Dry Dock. 
Fixed ability to enter a Dojo via Railjack without owning a Clan Key.
Fixed PH description for Taro Secura Ospreys.
Fixed an exploit that would let you bypass most of the Profit Taker Heist.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when either launching or completing a mission.
Fixed earned Affinity on a Warframe/Weapon not updating their rank when returning to Relay/Dojo. As reported here: 
Fixed some Affinity double dipping with Sevagoth & his Shadow/Shadow Claws.
Fixed Sevagoth Shadow/Shadow Claws kills not granting Focus if Sevagtoh has a Focus Lens.
Fixed Morgha Arsenal stats showing as red when no Mods are equipped.
Fixed long standing Dynamic Resolution related problem with motion vectors
characters would reproject wrong with Temporal AA and fall apart. Scale velocity by resolution scale fixes!
Fixed 'pulsing' intensity under camera movement you get with bright VFX with Temporal AA.
Fixed a brief flash of brightness on the End of Mission screen en route back to the Orbiter.
Fixed the Abilities UI element being faded out if you die while dancing with a Fishing Spear equipped.
Fixed HUD margin adjustment for non 16:9 aspect displays. 
It was using proportional window scaling rather than fixed size (like the HUD uses) and as a result, could visually appear warped and not accurately reflect HUD placement.
Additional fixes to AI pathing & navigation in Mars Rescue tilesets. Also moved an insidious light-stand away from the cell hack panel.
Fixed hearing reload sounds at all distances if the Soaktron Rifle Skin was equipped.
Fixed various probe lighting issues.
Fixed the Sigma Parazon Skin not properly showing when viewed in the Market.
Fixed customizing the colour for the extraction indicator not changing the icon's interior colour.
Fixed line break on rewards title on Junction tasks list.
Fixed conversation box not being as wide as expected (box that appears when talking to NPCs in a Relay for example).
Fixed Synthesis Scanner text being cut off in some languages.
Fixed Tyro Battalyst's disarm behavior; they don't actually support this so it would generate a script error in a variety of cases (ie Loki's Radial Disarm, Xaku's Grasp of Lokh, etc).
Fixed Arcanes not triggering from shooting enemies while riding on a K-Drive.

## Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.4
**Date:** 2021-06-02T19:15:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.4:
Added custom aspect-ratio settings for advanced multi-monitor setups that confused our auto-detection.
Another big thank you to Raid0u! Image curtesy of Raid0u 3x 4K monitors at 60FPS:

### Fixes
Fixed Clients not being able to see adjusted Crew Competency ranks when hovering over their profiles in the Tactical Map. 
Fixed being prompted with a confusing error message and your Crew member appearing unarmed when assigning the same weapon to a Crew member twice.
Fixed Crew mates in the squad panel UI not updating their Status Effects when replacing a player.
Fixed script error when teleporting to players/Crew mates while in the Archwing Slingshot.
Fixed a script error when using the Omni to Recall to the Railjack.
Fixed update failures for a small subset of players. (thanks to Raid0u for helping us diagnose this)
Fixed a functionality loss upon copying a loadout to one of multiple loadout slots that share the same equipment.
Fixed crash in new aspect ratios.
Fixed a crash in the Fortuna elevator during the Vox Solaris Quest.
Fixed a crash occurring whenever any Warframe equipped with the Celestia Syandana tries to open the Abilities menu.
Fixed Squad being disbanded automatically during force extract on Endless mission types, instead of the intended choice to stay or leave.
Fixed Gara missing from the Invert Tap/Hold list options.
Fixed the same node being selected twice when an invading Faction wins a battle and spreads to multiple nodes.
Fixed Sevagoth's Shadow not using the proper Energy colours if you change to a different Sevagoth.
Fixed seeing duplicate Emblems when equipped on the Sabella Prime Fur Pattern.
Fixed incorrect head and tail coloring when previewing a Kavat Skin while having an incompatible pet type equipped.
Fixed Modding discrepancies when moving a Polarity matching Mod and not having enough Mod capacity.
Fixed Friends appearing to be offline even though they're not if you go to the ingame Market and try to Gift a Friend before first going to the Friends list.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Contribute to Research in the Dojo.
Fixed a script related to Defense objects in Railjack.

## Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.3
**Date:** 2021-05-28T19:45:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.3:
Removed eligibility to purchase a Necramech from the Market if you don't have access to the Operator. 
Addresses inability to use the Necramech after purchasing from the Market. As reported here:
Made systemic micro-optimizations to level loading and streaming.
Reduced the game's system load when minimized.
Improved handling of a very rare and specific type of cache corruption.
Fixed a crash that could occur in very exotic cases of cache corruption.
Fixed a memory leak that would occur if you alt-tabbed out of the game while full-screen

### Fixes
Fixed a softlock when attempting to use the Emote wheel via controller in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed a bug that would prevent Conduits from appearing in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed hit marker persisting on screen despite not doing damage to anything if you are downed while doing damage to something and then self-Revive.
Fixed scrolling through the NEWS, CLAN LOG, AVAILABLE SESSIONS, and RESEARCH tab with hotkeys on the Clan screen scrolls the opposite direction.
Fixed inconsistent placement and type of Emblems while using Kavat Armor.
Fixed the Inaros Ozymandias Skin having butt flaps sticking out.
Fixed a script error related to Mag's Induction Helmet.

## Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.2
**Date:** 2021-05-27T18:17:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.2:
Missed Change: You can now use Emotes in Sanctuary Onslaught missions!
We've also fixed the entire Gear wheel being usable
just Emotes, Simaris said so!
Changed a parameter related to rapidly throwing your Glaive to put it back to the way it was before Update 30.3.
The update accidentally introduced a work in progress version of something that wasn't ready yet.
Improved graceful handling of DirectX 12 crashes that may be caused by OBS Studio.
Renamed the "None" Dojo Backdrop to "Default Backdrop".

### Fixes
Fixed inability to board your Railjack after purchasing the Railjack Instant Access Pack until you visited a Dry Dock or relaunched the game.
Fixed inability to use an Emplacement (Railjack Pilot Seat, etc) until someone else interacts with it after you've exited it. 
Fixed inability to purchase Bonewidow In Action Glyph nor the Voidrig In Action Glyph from Loid wares in the Necraloid Syndicate.
Fixed inability to see the full selection of Quests in the Codex if your game is set to Turkish. 
Fixed Attachments appearing different on equipping the default Gara skin on Gara Prime.
Fixed the "Hide Owned" in Dojo Backdrop Research Panel not functioning.
Fixed missing "Toggle Prime Details" option with the Loki Verv Skin.
Fixed bad Syandana placements on the Loki Verv Skin.
Fixed visual flicker when equipping a Pet immediately after Maturing.
Fixed unnecessary extra row in the Operator Skin Color selection.
Fixed a script error when dying in Arbitration due to a Status Effect.
Fixed script errors when trying to open the sort menu with a controller in the Clan/Friends screen.
Fixed a script error when changing a MOA Companion's Emotion Module.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur in the Plains of Eidolon during a Host migration.

## Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.1
**Date:** 2021-05-25T21:15:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Gara Prime: Hotfix 30.3.1:
Hotdropped live: Fixed the Sabella Prime Kavat Fur Pattern not providing the following Fur Colors:
Aros Brown
Paskan Crimson
Naru Blue
Maipal Yellow
A script has been run to provide the missing Fur Colors to affected accounts. Relog!

### Fixes
Fixed a crash related to this fix (has been reverted for now):
Fixed an issue where Saryn's Molt would not spawn in the correct spot when transitioning from idle -> jog.
Fixed a crash related to water volumes. 
Fixed a softlock when opening a Look Link while customizing HUD colors.
Fixed Recent Players list not scrolling with the mouse wheel.
Fixed activity text in the Recent Players list becoming increasingly tiny.
Fixed the Epitaph moving around and being in random positions when swapping back and forth between Primary and Secondary weapons several times, when getting staggered or when throwing a Glaive while Dual Wielding.
Fixed being taken to your own Profile when attempting to view a squadmates Profile by opening the Last Mission Results.
Fixed Mission Abort showing Mission Time as 0s on the End of Mission screen.
Fixed seeing the option to equip your Kuva Lich with another weapon in the Railjack Crew management screen.

## Gara Prime: Update 30.3.0
**Date:** 2021-05-25T17:56:49Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Gara Prime: Update 30.3.0
You will notice the download size is 2.2 GB. There's a few reasons why. First, it's a Mainline. If you don't know what that means, it's when we deploy all pending changes to the game in a big batch. Second, it's jammed with Quality-of-Life that is listed below for you to enjoy.
GARA PRIME HAS ARRIVED!
GARA PRIME
Continue the legend of the glass-armored warrior Gara. Dominate the battlefield with the power and purity of crystal.
ASTILLA PRIME
Loose explosive glass slugs that tear through enemies with Gara's signature shotgun. Presented here in its spectacular Prime form.
VOLNUS PRIME
The glorious original Orokin casting of Gara's signature glass hammer. Deceptively light and swift, while remaining lethally effective.
Get the newest Prime gear with Gara Prime Access and Prime Accessories here:
Wukong Prime, Zhuge Prime, and Ninkondi Prime have entered the Vault!
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced Perrin Sequence Sacrifice of Wukong Prime Chassis with Atlas Prime Chassis.
Replaced Perrin Sequence Sacrifice of Ninkondi Prime Handle with Baza Prime Stock.
Replaced Steel Meridian Sacrifice of Zhuge Prime String with Pangolin Prime Handle.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Riven Disposition Changes:
As with each round of Prime Access come updated Riven Disposition numbers. See the full Disposition changes here:
PLUS! As an added Gara QoL change, her glass armor no longer disappears during Splinter Storm!
You have requested many times (many, many, times) to have a UI toggle that will give you control over whether Gara's glass armor parts will "shatter" while using Splinter Storm. You want to use this power all the time, but it makes your warframe look so much less... shiny when you do.
Given how persistent and unified this feedback is, we've decided to simply make this power not remove her armor plates while it is active. Adding a toggle adds significantly more complexity to the code and significantly more chances for things to break than just not having the effect at all.
We hope this change will be appealing to everybody living on the cutting edge of Gara fashion.
Railjack Changes & Fixes:
Command Intrinsic Crew Changes & Fixes:The following changes are a prelude to the release of the Rank 10 Command Intrinsic coming in the Sisters of Parvos Update! 
Added a 'Contracts' tab to Ticker's 'Hire Railjack Crew Members' in Fortuna.
You can also end Contracts with the Crew Members that are not equipped from here. 
This has been highly requested! You can now review your current Crew Contracts while perusing potential Hires to see what positions you have to fill or who might have to be replaced (get the boot!). 
Converted Kuva Liches can now be used as 'On Call' Crewmates.
Crew Members now have more relaxed behaviour when not on a mission.
Crew Members will now play transmission voice lines whenever they are being customized in the Dry Dock. More personality for your team!
Crew Competencies are now visible in the Tactical Map when hovering over Crew Members. 
This was highly requested to help make an informed decision when swapping Crew roles in the heat of battle.
Crew Piloting the Railjack will now hold position when you are either in the Archwing Slingshot or using the Forward Artillery. 
To help players engage their targets, the Pilot will prefer to point the ship at targets that you are aiming at.
This is also our first attempt at this function, so some future tweaking is to be expected!
Crew piloting Railjack will now fly to attack the weak-point marker at the end of Railjack Volatile missions. 
Updated all of New Loka Crew's mouth shapes for the visemes to improve the overall quality.
Fixed Crew attempting to get into the Forward Artillery and/or Pilot harness after giving all three Crew the 'Gunner' role.
Fixed hitch related to On-Call Crew Member attachments (Armor and Syandana).
Fixed Crew getting stuck in turrets if you tried giving them another order while they were still getting into the gun.
Fixed long Kuva weapon names escaping the bounds of the pop-up when viewing in Crew Equip and Contracts screens. 
Fixed a case where the Crew Pilot would stop if all targets were too far away.
Fixed Crew assigned to Gunner after assigning another Crew member to the same position being unable to go into or stay in any of the Railjack turrets.
Improved the 'Abort' Railjack mission flow by changing and fixing the following:
These changes come after reviewing why Clients in Railjack missions would often find themselves feeling unable to leave after mission completion in public squads. We determined that the language used in these scenarios was unclear/confusing and that there were several other issues related to how rewards were shown in the UI and saved to inventory that we have resolved below!
'Abort Mission' will now update to 'Leave Mission' in the pause menu after successfully completing a Railjack mission. 
It will also prompt a new message that better describes what will occur: "Leave Mission: You will keep mission rewards and XP earned to this point, but will disconnect from your squad. Are you sure you want to leave this mission?" vs. the previous "Abort Mission: You will keep progress but forfeit the completion rewards and bonuses. Are you sure you want to abort this mission?"
Fixed Clients not being able to 'Abort' Mission and retain their rewards once the mission objective has been completed. 
Fixed the End of Mission screen not showing the full collection of rewards earned in the mission when returning to the Orbiter. 
Fixed 'Aborting' Railjack Mission not awarding items earned from POIs.
Reduced the opacity on Railjack Armament Reticle UI that cannot be used during 'Railjack Blink'.
Added "A Railjack is required to access Railjack Research" message to the Railjack Research console if you do not own a Railjack yet. 
Added the ability to rebind the 'Reload' function in the Railjack bindings. 
Made updates to the machine sounds and radius in the Corpus POI airlocks. 
Fixed crash related to waypoint position in Pluto Proxima. 
Fixed the Corpus Troop Spawn Racks in the POIs malfunctioning & ejecting you into space if you get caught underneath it as it's coming down. 
Fixed being unable to leave the Railjack or fast travel when returning from a Railjack mission to a Relay. This also fixes the pause menu showing Dojo options instead of Relay. 
Fixed using the Dojo Arsenal during Railjack mission countdown creating duplicate companions. 
Fixed enemies not spawning in Volatile missions (after mission complete) when you had previously run an Exterminate or Sentient Anomaly mission and travelled directly to the next Volatile mission. 
Fixed being unable to exit the Railjack Pilot and Turret seats after returning to the Dry Dock via pause menu.
Fixed Railjack Mods popup on pickup in mission using the old UI when they were still Avionics. They will now popup on the left side as Mods like other Mod pickups!
Fixed Electricity Hazards on the Railjack also affecting players' HUD that are on Crewships. 
Fixed being unable to use the Tactical Map while piloting stolen Crewships.
Fixed Railjack Shield gauge turning black instead of purple when the Railjack has Overshields. 
Fixed another case of infinite loading from Dry Dock on the second mission if Host migration occurred after successful first mission. 
Fixed Host and Client getting trapped in an infinite loading tunnel after aborting to Dry Dock from Void Storm mission. 
Fixed location HUD popup being blank when entering the Dry Dock. 
Fixed crash when entering Pulse Turbine POI.
Fixed script error when using 'On Call' crew. 
Fixed cargo train entry objective marker not updating position after ejecting each car. 
Fixed certain dropships not spawning in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed not being able to switch off of the Railjack Mods screen when viewing the Railjack console in the Orbiter. 
Fixed Orphix missing collision in Orphix Railjack mission
making it impossible to melee. 
Fixed several FX lighting issues in the Gas City tileset that were causing bright light flashes.
Fixed sound FX popping on trams in the Corpus POIs. 
Fixed 'No Ability Found' popup in Railjack HUD not being localized.
Fixed the 'X' button not working in the Railjack Crew Management screen while using a controller. 
Fixed loss of functionality with the Pause Menu in Railjack missions if the player opens the Quick Progress View "P" as the "Mission Complete" pop-up appears.
Fixed being able to set up a Trade Shop in a docked Railjack. 
This also fixes your Warframe getting stuck with their arm up in the trade position during the entirety of the mission.
Fixed Contributing and Rushing Wreckage causing the scroll position to reset to the top of the list. 
Fixed 'Wear and Tear' slider not resetting when using the 'Reset Default' option in the 'Customize Railjack. 
Fixed researched Prerequisites in the Research console showing as 'Not Researched' and having a white background. 
Fixed Larval state of Vulpaphyla Companion blocking view when in the Pilot seat.
Fixed hitches when viewing the Railjack End of Missions screen.
Fixed Corpus Railjack Capital Ship airlock not actually teleporting Clients into the Capital Ship.
Fixes towards transparency issues with a sign in the Corpus Railjack ship.
Fixed some Corpus Railjack Codex dioramas having flashing lights.
New Player Experience Changes:
UI Changes:
We have done update passes on some of the social aspects of Warframe, with particular attention paid to screen reworks for Friends and Clans this time around!
Multiple screens have been refreshed with a new look and certain new functionalities! All of the screens listed below also now all take on your chosen UI theme.
'Junction Tasks' Screen Changes: 
Rewards will now automatically scroll across the screen to give you a full preview of what will be earned on successful Junction completion.
Each task now has a descriptive blurb to help direct you on how to get started on the task. 
'Clan' Screen Changes:
Everything is now more neatly displayed on a single screen. Previously tucked away features such as 'Edit Hierarchies', 'View Alliance', 'Invite Member', and 'Message of the Day' are now immediately visible and accessible. 
In addition to your MOTD, you can now also have a much longer Clan and Alliance message displayed below! All display on the right hand side of the Clan screen in the 'News' Tab. The option to edit the MOTD and message below is available in this window for those with permissions to do so.
Added more Clan information to the screen:
Added the total number of Clan members to the screen. 
Added the 'Founding Warlord' to the screen. 
The Alliance Screen has also been reskinned: 
Added the total number of members to the screen (in addition to the previously live 'Allies' count).
'Friends' Screen Changes:
Everything is now more neatly displayed on a single screen. Previously tucked away features such as 'Recent Players', 'Available Sessions', and 'Batch Remove' are now immediately visible and accessible. 
Added 'Recruit Tenno' option
This will take you directly to the 'Refer a Friend' page on the Warframe website to recruit your pals and earn rewards for doing so.
You can now "Favorite" Friends in your Friends list by right clicking on their name. Favoriting Friends will add a star next to their name and will bump them to the top of your lists, both when they are on and offline. If you wish to "Unfavorite" simply right click on their name again and select that option.
CHANGES:
Added a "To be continued..." label to The New War in Codex if the third entry cinematic has been viewed. The third cinematic entry has also officially been titled "The Maker".
This section now also displays completion state for cinematic entries.
Added a new dropdown to Quest Codex screen so players can now filter which Quests are displayed (ALL / STORY / SIDE / WARFRAME), ALL is the default option so that players aren't confused as to where all of their Quests went.
Removed the 'BETA' tag on the 'Enhanced' option under 'Graphics Engine' Display settings. 
We've been working on this improved graphical mode for quite a while! It's been available to PC players since last year, and deferred rendering is now the standard for our current-gen console players. At this point we don't have any reservations in encouraging everybody to try this mode.
The Verglas now has custom sounds for weapon fire!
The pickup animation now turns your Warframe to face the item being picked up. 
Moved camera on Baro Ki'Teer in his Offerings screen to be far more flattering during his Relay Visits. 
Added FX when setting a Research Target or accepting a Daily Synthesis task from Simaris.
Added Minimap colors options to the HUD color customization options (does not apply to Tactical Map):
Ground
Outline
High Elevation Outline
Low Elevation Outline
Updated Incubator Power Core description at the Incubator to include how to find them when you do not currently own one: "The first Power Core can be acquired by completing the Mars Junction. Additional recipes can be bought in the Market and built in the Foundry." 
Updated Nora Night's visemes so that it uses all the correct mouth shapes.
Eximus units will now drop from the drop tables twice: Once from the base enemy type table and once from the Eximus table. 
Made numerous AI Navigation fixes and improvements in the Orb Vallis. 
Updated Zephyr's Tornado FX to the latest from her rework at the Clan Dojo Backdrops Research console.
Updated the daily Standing reached pop-up to "You have reached your Daily Standing Limit with [Insert Syndicate]. Come visit again tomorrow.".
The previous "Standing is at maximum for this syndicate" was misleading!
Changed the Eris and Pluto Relays in the list of marked Relays in the Rising Tide Quest to the Saturn Relay if you aren't in a Clan. 
Redeeming a Promo Code in the ingame Market will now show the claimed items in the success message.
Changed the "None" Dojo Backdrop to a default option instead of a Recipe that must be researched.
We made this change because "None" is every room's default when first constructed. We want this option always available instead of requiring more research on the part of Clans who wish to return a room to how it first appeared.
This change will deduct 1K Affinity from Clans that completed the research, but it will not affect the tiers of Clans who upgraded to a higher tier using this 1K Affinity. We will be running a script to refund Clans who spent Credits on "None" Backdrop research. Script run and done!
*Missed Note: We now inject commas in Damage numbers for easier readability!
OPTIMIZATIONS:
Fixed some potential hitches when accessing various Friends lists on the Orbiter. 
This also fixes spot-loading with Sentinel weapons if you had no Sentinel equipped and Necramech equipment if you didn't have the Necramech Summon equipped. 
Fixed a large amount of spot-loading when returning to the Dojo from a mission.
Loading optimizations, mostly aimed at new consoles. 
Improved compression of Codex Fragment artwork.
FIXES
Fixed Excalibur's Exalted Blade being invisible when using Pistols and Glaives.
Fixed an issue where Saryn's Molt would not spawn in the correct spot when transitioning from idle to jog.
Fixed Maroo's Bazaar dock floor light having wrong texture/missing light.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur when a player using Sevagoth abandoned a mission.
Fixed quest tileset appearing in regular Grineer Sealab Defense missions.
Fixed issue in the 'Search for Father' stage in the Heart of Deimos Quest where the mission would not progress if you were on K-Drive before the objective appeared and got off before reaching the Necramech. 
Fixed Necramech in the first stage of the Heart of Deimos Quest appearing in the wrong position.
This also fixes enemy spawn issues in this stage.
Fixed giant Moa standing in the camera view while configuring Moa companion at Legs in Fortuna. 
Fixed Quests no longer being sorted to the top when they aren't complete.
Fixed Vaulted Relics from appearing in codex/chat link as available.
Fixed AFK detection not working on players that were using moving parts in the Corpus Ship Defense missions. 
Fixed Credit count in the Mission Progress screen showing as doubled when picked up as Operator.
Fixed music getting desynced (mostly between drums and melody) in the Corpus Ship tileset. 
More fixes to overlapping UI while Lavos is dual wielding, as reported here:
Also added a dual wield custom HUD offset handling for Atlas, Gara, and Saryn. 
Fixed missing teleport volume in the Mastery Rank 15 Test causing players to fall out of the level. 
Fixed an explosive barrel in Rotuma, Kuva Fortress ignoring the room lighting and shining bright like a diamond.
Fixed ugliness on certain enemies when they become Corrupted, and other instances of this style of effect.
Fixed some broken Bonewidow animations.
Fixed misaligned Pillar (was allowing visibility through the level to outside) in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed possible duplicate nodes appearing in the Codex as locations for certain rewards (like Relics). 
Fixed incorrect Polish translation for "No Session Found". 
Fixed Host Operator Transference in the Orbiter Captura Scene disabling the pause menu for Clients.
Fixed lighting issues in the Grineer Shipyard tileset causing a large straight line above the horizon. 
Fixed missing lighting on the extraction cinematic causing the Landing Craft to appear completely black in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed a purple overlay appearing in the Grineer Shipyard Hijack tileset textures (ex. Ludi, Ceres). 
Fixed Kuria appearing almost completely black in the Gas City tileset. 
Fixed blinding lights in the Orokin Derelict tileset in areas where water is present.
Fixed doors appearing too bright in the Infested Ship tileset. 
Fixed extreme purple reflections on the exterior of the Orb Vallis with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed black boxes appearing in the Kuva Fortress tilesets. 
Fixed being unable to chat link Vaulted Relics unless you specifically had an unrefined version of it.
Fixed a light popping in and out of view in the Orb Vallis near the caves by the Temple of Profit. 
Fixed the Credit icon for the Razorback Armada rewards in the World State Window being affected by your UI theme. 
Fixed being unable to see squad members Reactant progress when both players are using Necramechs or K-Drives. 
Fixed Father's Part Requisition menu items that involve Vome or Fass Residue appearing greyed out, even if you have all the required resources for it. 
Fixed Helios UI scan sounds playing loudly during Orbiter fly in cinematics. 
Fixed Ephemeras not being visible while using skins on the Shade Sentinel. 
Fixed collision issues on certain doorframes in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed multiple issues with Mirage's Hall of Mirrors Clones while in Archwing:
Fixed them not using Archwing weapons. 
Fixed jittery movement. 
Fixed them being very far from Mirage. 
Fixed Vulpaphyla's infected by Vasca Virus creating an Imprint that cannot be used for breeding.
Vulpaphyla's can no longer be infected. 
Fixed switching to Steel Path mode in the Star Chart causing the UI to swift and overlap with other UI elements while using a controller. 
Fixed issues with the Flux Rifle's FX. 
Fixed several Corpus enemy types not attacking or repositioning at certain ranges in Railjack missions.
Fixed being able to chat link the Railjack Instant Access Pack since it cannot be purchased in the in-game Market. 
Fixed bug that caused the Mother's Mask to appear untintable.
Fixed the position of the Jotunheim Music TennoGen Syandana sitting too low on the Warframe's back. 
Fixed script error with the Corpus Optio abilities.
Fixed killing with Sevagoth's Shadow Claws not earning Affinity for the Claws. 
Fixed the campfire heat wave effect appearing behind the corpse in The War Within quest mountain pass stage instead of above the fire.
Fixed crash after selecting and placing Personal Decorations in the Dojo. 
Fixed script error with the Friends list. 
Fixed Orbiter Captura Scene not showing player's custom colors on the ramp.
Fixed Orbiter Captura Scene missing the default Helminth flowers. 
Fixed Triple Tap Conclave mod description showing '0' as the duration stat. 
This also fixed other issues where mods with descriptions that have up to 3 decimal places if there are no other significant digits. 
Fixed the Khora Fiera TennoGen Helmet dangles getting tangled during quick movement.
Fixed being able to go out of bounds in the Grineer Sealab tileset during the Second Dream quest.
Fixed Warframe and/or weapons becoming invisible depending on where you are standing in the Jackal Assassination mission. 
Fixed Juno Elite Crewman's Supra shots doing AOE damage. 
Fixed elemental particle effects on the Kuva Shildeg not matching its shape.
Fixed Mobile Defense Terminals facing the wall at an angle in the Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed script error when traveling between Dojo and Relays. 
Fixed being unable to turn in Syndicate Medallions at the respective Syndicates in the Relays if you are in negative Standing with them. 
Fixed Glyphs with backgrounds appearing low res and having transparency issues.
Fixed script error with Arsenal UI popups. 
Fixed incorrect amount of Standing in the UI after turning in Medallions. 
Fixed numerous textures that would incorrectly render black textures as transparent.
Fixed Nekros' Soul Punch no longer creating a Shadow of the Dead after 7 Shadows if you replace his Shadows of the Dead ability via Helminth. 
Fixed Sly Vulpaphyla not being affected by Ivara's Prowl invisibility while downed and after being revived. 
Fixed Platinum price showing with Landing Craft and Skins in the Orbiter customization menu even though you already own the item.
Fixed cases where a soft-lock could occur after host migration during squad voting. 
Fixed the icon for the Ki'Teer Atmos Mask missing the whole mask on the Operator. 
Fixed being able to highlight the Mail/Foundry/Boosters/etc icon while walking around the Orbiter. 
Fixed text in certain languages wrapping and overlapping in the Syndicates Daily Standing box.
Fixed a soft-lock that would occur on a surviving Client if the Host left the squad vote for a Profit Taker Bounty.
Fixed improper Melee sounds when hitting Sentients.
Fixed getting stuck in a Glaive throwing loop when using a Glaive that's modded for high Attack Speed.
Fixed Vitus Illumina Decoration becoming completely invisible at Low graphics.
Fixed Cosmetic Masks from Cetus for Operators (eg. Mag Mask) appear enlarged when switching to Operator in open zone hubs (eg. Necralisk).
Fixed script error when focusing on In Progress Research in the Clan screen.
Fixed incorrect positioning of Sugatras on numerous Melee weapons.
Fixed incorrect VFX when shooting the Defense Terminal with Ivara's Cloaking arrow.
Fixed Helminth Charger Emblems clipping into shoulders.
Fixed inconsistent search results in the ingame Market when adding/removing characters0
Fixed the "Apply Forma" picker screen in the Arsenal coming up even if the player only has the basic kind of Forma and no other types are available to purchase. 
Fixed arm cannon type (Epitaph, Gammacor, Atomos) reticle area being blocked by a part of Zephyr Harrier's shoulder element.
Fixed inability to use Melee Heavy Attack after second Sevagoth Shadow summon unless Melee is already in hand.
Fixed Endurance Drift not actually increasing your Warframe parkour velocity.
Fixed misalignment issues with Graxx, Fiera, Delphi, and Laveau Helmets on the Khora Urushu skin body. 
Fixed black screen and "waiting for Client to load" issues. 
Fixed the Tek Enhance mod not increasing the Duration of the Sly Vulpaphyla's Survival Instinct Precept. 
Fixed being unable to swap Khora's Venari's Polarities in the Arsenal.
Fixed multiple issues with the Nikana Zaw (Sepfahn Strike):
Fixed sheath disappearing after attacking for the first time in a mission.
Fixed the sheath sharing it's colour channels with the blade instead of being coloured in attachments.
Fixed the sheath not showing in Captura.
Fixed issue when using Sepfahn strike without a skin (rotating on every holster/unholster), was previously fixed only with skin applied.
Fixed multiple issues with armor and Regalia not appearing properly on Khora.
Fixed Challenges (Achievements, Nightwave) involving mission completion gaining progress when returning to town from an Open Zone mission, or when returning to the Dojo from a Railjack mission. 
This was allowing certain Challenges (e.g. "Complete a mission with only a sword", "Complete a mission with a Kubrow", etc.) to gain progress just by going in and out of the town gates, or in and out of free flight.
Fixed choosing Conservation Lure type while using Archwing not filtering the animal tracking locations on the map.

## Call of the Tempestarii: TennoGen: Hotfix 30.2.2
**Date:** 2021-05-13T21:44:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Call Of The Tempestarii: Tennogen: Hotfix 30.2.2:
Removed Cephalon Cy Research from Clans and moved Blueprint to the in-game Market for Credits.
Fixed inability to start another Railjack mission after returning to the Relay Dry Dock 
Fixed the Recovered Wreckage button in the configure Railjack console in the Dry Dock being misplaced in certain languages.
Removed Sevagoth's Shadow visually animating while he's invisible due to visual noise.

### Fixes
Fixed some rare crashes.
Fixed a handful of misaligned Khora Helmets.
Fixed the Neo Z7 Relic from the Profit-Taker Phase 4 rewards not being Radiant.
Fixed inability to select the bottom row of Infused Abilities in the Helminth screen. 
Fixed seeing [PH] Universal Reservoir when casting Wisp's Fused Reservoir.
Fixed numerous Armor pieces being misaligned on Protea.
Fixed alignment issues with the Mulciber Chest Plate.

## Heart of Deimos: TennoGen: 29.3.1
**Date:** 2020-11-04T19:56:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Tennogen: 29.3.1:
The much anticipated Part 2 of TennoGen Round 19 has arrived! A whole new selection to adorn your Arsenal with made by amazing community artists!
Check out TennoGen Round 19
Part 2 via Steam!
Ash Ichneumon Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Excalibur Blade of the Lotus Skin by BeastBuster
Garuda Tengushin Skin by Lubox
Nova Mithra Skin by lukinu_u
Saryn Night Hunter Skin by Mz-3
Khora Miyabi Skin by Malaya and Awk'Q-Luz
Scylla Syandana by Faven
Valesti Syandana by led2012 and Xtygian
Arashi Rapier Skin by Lubox
Eklypsa Staff Skin by lukinu_u
Undercutter Nikana Skin by Felix Leonhart
Irya Oculus by kakarrot2812
Liset Mithra Skin by lukinu_u
While part one of our first update touched our Lightmap compression, Part 2 brings us to the rest of Warframe's TEXTURES! This update is a 10.6GB patch to free up 8GB of HDD space.
But wait, there's more! As a bonus to touching every texture in Warframe, we used this opportunity to ask ourselves "is there anything else we can do to improve textures since we are going through all the work of touching them for compression anyways?" The answer: Yes! In short, we have also made improvements to how detailed the game looks overall. Take a look for yourself (download them and go back and forth for best effect)!
We were originally a little conservative with the Baurahn Prime Ephemera as to not visually overwhelm. Based on your feedback post launch we've made a few changes:
Aggressively reduced required idle times for the dragons to trigger.
Enabled Energy colouring for the dragons metal textures.
Previously the metal parts of the dragons were locked as gold. Now it takes the primary Energy colour, and if you have the secondary unlocked, the Energy element of the dragons will favour that
so you can colour the metal with the primary and the Energy with the secondary.
Increased scale of the smaller dragons.
Fixed the Baurahn Prime Ephemera FX playing when in Navigation view, which can be visually overwhelming.
Added an additional 30 Nightwave Prestige Ranks (150 max).
Our last Nightwave Prestige Rank increase proved to not be enough for those whose retroactive amount put them at the new max. More Ranks for more Crystal Cred!
Disabled True Master Fonts (Relay Blessing) applying to conclave gameplay, as it provides an unfair advantage.

### Fixes
Fixed Zenistar disc not expiring when in Titania's Razorwing mode.
Fixed Phobos Junction Mag Specter having double the intended Health and Shields.
Fixed cases of inability to advance Dojo Research. As reported here!
Fixed inability to use Navigation after accessing Railjack via the Pause Menu while in Navigation. 
Fixed Syndicate screens not displaying Standing amount remaining.
Fixed Elemental FX being misaligned on the Guandao Prime. 
Fixed the weapon switch FX appearing overly bright for the Guandao Prime. 
Fixed a rare case of the 'Hey Kiddo!' playing each and every time you return to your Orbiter. As reported here!
Fixed some Entrati Token icons appearing washed out in the UI.
Fixed Stahltha Alt Fire sounds playing locally for all squadmates. 
Fixed Email not being hidden if you use Logout via Pause Menu while having Creator Mode enabled.
Fixed a script error that would prevent Void Fissure gameplay logic from continuing after a Host migration occurs.
Fixed a script error that could occur during a True Master's Font Blessing.
Fixed a script error when Kela De Thaym deploys an Orbital Strike attack.
Fixed a script error when attempting to rescue a Solaris target in Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error that could occur when casting Warframe abilities that are overridden by Helminth that could result in inconsistent results across multiple players.

## Heart of Deimos: Nezha Prime: 29.3.0 + 29.3.0.1
**Date:** 2020-10-27T17:59:01Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Nezha Prime: 29.3.0:
Engulf your enemies in the sacred fire of the empyrean as Nezha Prime. The Prince of Flame arrives in his ultimate form along with the Guandao Prime, Zakti Prime and more!
Get the newest Prime gear with Nezha Prime Access and Prime Accessories here:
Mesa Prime, Akjagara Prime, and Redeemer Prime have entered the Vault!
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
Replaced New Loka's Sacrifice of Mesa Prime Systems with Titania Prime Systems.
Replaced Steel Meridian's Sacrifice of Redeemer Prime Blade with Zhuge Prime String.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
The time has come, Tenno. After meticulously investigating crime scenes, poring over clues and shattering glass across the Origin System, you've tracked the Glassmaker to a pivotal location. A place where the Glassmaker killed thousands, if not millions in an age long past.
More questions await as the latest victim you discover is Orokin, possibly someone who stood against Nihil in the past? Find clues to reveal where the Glassmaker is hiding and shatter his schemes once and for all, Tenno.
8+ years of Warframe content later and eligible Tenno can now achieve Mastery Rank 30! This is your True Master test. Prepare yourself with skills you've acquired on your travels throughout the Star Chart for this pinnacle test.
True Master Tenno will be awarded the following:
3x Umbra Forma
15 Loadout Slots 
30 Riven Mod Slots
True Master Chat Emoji
Access both the :truemaster: and :truemasteralt: Chat Emoji.
True Master Emote
Only the True Master may use this Emote.
True Master Sumdali
This Sumdali hull ornament is awarded exclusively to Tenno who have earned the rank of True Master. It can be mounted to the exterior of your Landing Craft to display your Rank to all who see it.
True Master's Font (Relay Blessing)
Visit a Blessing Altar in any Relay once every 23 hours to grant a Blessing to each person on the Relay that lasts for 3 hours. Blessings you can grant are:
Affinity Boost
Credit Boost
Resource Boost
Damage Buff
Health Buff
Shield Buff
Mastery Rank 30 Facts:
1. Each Mastery Rank beyond 30 requires the same amount of Affinity as Rank 29 to 30.
2. Mastery Ranks beyond 30 are considered/titled as "Legendary 1", "Legendary 2", etc.
Optimized terrain rendering.
Some fun facts: Terrain rendering optimization reduced cost ~30% (Deimos) ~50% (Plains of Eidolon) by grouping triplanar layers together per triplane and sharing texture gradients.
Optimized initial download size by ~100MB.
Optimized geometry on the Cambion Drift to improve framerate.
Optimized rendering slightly when Bloom is disabled.
Improved detection of run-time errors in the script system.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to all code on Windows and Xbox One.
Made a micro-optimization to splash effects on the water surface.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the memory allocator.
Made a micro-optimization to the physics system.
Made a micro-optimization to the effects system.
Made a micro-optimization to the script runtime.
Fixed CPU times increasing significantly when frequently switching between controller and keyboard.
Updated Mastery Rank icons to new Vitruvian design!
Increased the Nightwave Prestige Rank cap by 30 Ranks! This will retroactively place you to the accurate Rank you've earned thus far! We know some Tenno have already reached the current Prestige Rank cap. Increasing it allows those Tenno to gain Crystal Cred for the remainder of Nightwave Series 3.
Entrati member names will no longer appear when Creator Mode is enabled. 
The End of Mission 'Important' filter will now place Alert rewards at the top of the list.
Clarified Daily Standing Bar value by adding the word 'Remaining' to indicate as such.
Adjusted the Night Hunter Syandana wing spread idle animation slightly based on TennoGen creator feedback.
Removed Latrox Une from the Simulacrum (because shooting your friends is mean).
October 2020 Riven Dispositions are now live for real! Sorry for the confusion!
Increased accuracy and reduced recoil of the Primary Catchmoon Kitgun when used with Tremor and Steadyslam Grips.
This change was planned for the upcoming Infested Kitguns but needed to squeak in early for the Riven Disposition changes!

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that could occur if you lose connection to a Host shortly after connecting to a new mission.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur with certain weapons with extreme Mod configurations.
Fixed a crash in the Simulacrum while firing a Convectrix that had max ranked Tainted Shell and Narrow Barrel Mods equipped.
Fixed a loss of functionality if you open the Pause Menu with the controller and Fast Travel to a vendor while a Profit-Taker Heist Bounty is counting down. 
Pausing during the countdown is no longer possible.
Fixed aggressive spot load when hovering over Quest-locked nodes in the Star Chart.
Fixed the Latrox Une "Sample Collection" Bounty phase taking longer than intended to complete due to the samples not dropping in their entirety. We found that 20% of the time a sample was meant to drop, it wouldn't. 
Fixed Trinity's Blessing fully restoring Health/Shields of mission objectives. 
Per Healing Defendable Targets Dev Workshop: it should "Restore 500 Health over 5 seconds".
Fixed Mirage's Total Eclipse Augment Mod buff being shared with Necramechs. 
Fixed the Split Flight buff not resetting if the buff expires when in Titania's Razorwing.
Fixed Umbra's sentience not functioning after Transferring into a Necramech. Fixed inability to close the End of Mission screen after failing a Sortie Defense mission and waiting to close the EOM screen until you were back in the Orbiter.
Fixed some spawning range issues with Deimos Jugulus' due to frequently spawning very close to each other. This could cause other enemies to not spawn as frequent due to the amount of Jugulus' present. 
Fixed snow-weather data (Orb Vallis) overwriting the rain-weather data that was intended for Plains of Eidolon, which was causing way more frequent precipitation than desired.
Fixed Syndicate Standing earned in (Elite) Sanctuary Onslaught not being displayed on the Mission Progress screen.
Fixed the UI not displaying '1' when you have just a single Entrati Token.
Fixed stats for the KUVA INJECTOR and DEMOLYST Codex entries.
Fixed black shadow being cast on Star Chart node mission cards if a transmission is played.
Fixed unreadable Pause Menu after opening the menu while fading to black due to a teleport volume. 
Fixed Helminth XP gain UI FX getting stuck on screen.
Fixed losing Chat functionality when attempting to Report a player while they enter Extraction.
Fixed blown out Perrin Sequence and Red Veil Syndicate leaders when interacting with them in the Relay. 
Fixed Orb Vallis Free Roam music playing in Fortuna.
Fixed audio issues for Nezha's Divine Spears ability slam sound.
Fixed audio issues for fully charged Trumna sound for Host/Client.
Fixed some popping animations with the Night Hunter Syandana.
Fixed missing Daughter Naberus VO lines.
Fixed some missing Otak idle VO lines.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Tribute ability.
Fixed losing ability casting and weapon functionality when casting Gauss' Thermal Sunder ability.
Fixed Equinox's Duality Specter not using your Secondary weapon if you don't have a Primary weapon in your loadout. 
Fixed Prex Decorations having a large red box around it when selected instead of just the outline.
Fixed a script error when being hit by a glass shard in the Nightwave boss fight.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix: 29.2.4: NIGHTS OF NABERUS!
**Date:** 2020-10-15T18:43:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Reduced Isolation Vault Bounty Toxicity phase from 3 minutes to 1:30 minutes.
An early change meant for Update Deimos: Arcana that was low risk to add now! Feedback alluded to this phase not offering much variety within the Bounty
so we've shortened it to get you to the meat of the Bounty quicker!
The Helminth Subsume confirmation prompt will now show the Forma count on the respective Warframe.
Increased default analog stick deadzones values to 20%. The value was previously 15% only for look/aim inputs, but then was changed to 15% for all analog stick inputs, but this introduced some drift for certain players.

### Fixes
The ancient festival of death and mischief has begun on all platforms!
On Naberus, beauty is banished. Rot and monstrosity hold sway. And Daughter couldn't be more excited!
To get everyone in the Naberus spirit, she'll be dressing up in Morbid costume and offering exclusive, limited-time rewards available for purchase through her special Naberus-themed store in the Necralisk.
Listen to a gruesome tale narrated by Grandmother in the comfort of your Orbiter with a creepy Naberus-themed decoration, or enjoy an assortment of Glyphs, Emblems, Skins and Blueprints
all available for purchase using Mother Tokens.
Made a micro-optimization to the Health and Shield display on the HUD.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to game-code using scripts.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to physics sweep queries.
Made a micro-optimization to animation inverse kinematics.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the script runtime.
Made a micro-optimization to the perception system.
Made a micro-optimization to the damage system.
Made a micro-optimization to the effects system.
Made some micro-optimizations to level loading.
Made a micro-optimization to the sound system.
Made a micro-optimization to the script system.
Made a micro-optimization to text localization.
Made a micro-optimization to flash rendering.
Made a micro-optimization to UI rendering.
Made a micro-optimization to loading.
Optimized a small memory leak that would occur in certain Railjack missions.
Fixed a tiny memory leak that would occur when killing Jen Dro in The Index; while inconsequential for regular play this leak showed up in an automated stress-test that pits Brokers vs Executioners for hours at a time.
Fixed a functionality loss when Upgrading the Railjack Grid then going back while looking at the tooltip.
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse ability not functioning properly with Deferred Rendering enabled. As detailed here! 
 A sharp-eyed Tenno noticed a change with Eclipse's damage bonus using our new Enhanced Graphics engine setting, and it turns out Mirage had us all under an illusion.
Eclipse changes its effect intensity based on how bright (or dark) your current location is.
The game calculates the brightness by considering all the light sources that are affecting you.
The problem...
Under the Enhanced Graphics engine, lighting is handled in a different way than the Classic way we've been using for years.
So while playing Landscape missions the sunlight was not being included in the intensity.
What looked like bright open ground lit by the sun was, as far as the game is concerned internally, gloomy and overcast.
This will be fixed such that the Eclipse ability will consider the real-time sunlight under the Enhanced renderer.
We cannot guarantee that the results will be exactly the same using the two equations, but any difference should be negligible.
Fixed Tusk Heavy Gunners doing unintended extreme amounts of damage. 
Fixed Obelisk Requiem icons sometimes not being visible for Clients. 
Fixed cases of Excavators that could spawn inside Cambion Drift terrain. 
Fixed Force Feedback issues when firing the Mausolon. 
Fixed the Cryptosuctus Fish having a hole in it.
Fixed Vulpaphyla name appearing as [PH] Chrysalis upon devolving into a larva state.
Fixed unlocalized system error messages sometimes being shown in the UI when experiencing network problems
Fixed texture streaming on placed Glyphs being missing unless you get close.
Fixed a problem with the Dynamic Resolution system.
Fixed Chat repeatedly opening and closing if you slowly press down on the left trigger of a controller.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix: 29.2.3
**Date:** 2020-10-08T18:32:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix: 29.2.3:
Optimized initial install size slightly (~half a GB).
This was Hotdropped yesterday!
Added a game setting to use the legacy deadzone remapping when controlling look/aim input using the controller analog sticks.
Changed the deadzone settings to go up and down by 1 instead of 5 when pressing the arrows.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to matchmake together when loading from a Town/Relay to a Free Roam mission.
Fixed a crash if a Host migration occurred during a Cambion Drift Excavation Bounty.
Fixed the Subsumed Rest & Rage ability description stating its effect is dependent on Energy color rather than Emissive Color.
Fixes towards some lighting issues on Operator hair textures. 
Work in progress!
Fixed the Telos Syandana being misaligned on Octavia. 
Fixed the VOIP UI indicator appearing as a white square. 
Fixed numerous script errors during Cambion Drift Excavation Bounties.
Fixed script errors when Corrupted Vor spawns in the Void.
Fixed a script error when casting Nova's Null Star ability.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix: 29.2.2
**Date:** 2020-10-06T19:36:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix: 29.2.2:
Last week we included a 'Missed Change Note' that the 'Deferred Rendering' Display Option was renamed to 'Graphics Engine'. While this is true at a base level, it's actually more exciting than that, as it involves moving into "Next Gen' by phasing out our old rendering engine!
Please read the full details here:
Made numerous micro-optimizations to scene rendering.
Optimized Local Reflections.
Optimized Foliage Rendering in the Enhanced Graphics Engine.
Optimized Visibility Culling speed and memory footprint slightly.
Optimized initial install size slightly.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the animation system.
Made a micro-optimization to the Foot IK system.
Made a micro-optimization to HUD rendering.
Minor quality improvements for hair rendering.
Added game settings for tweaking deadzone values and other input behaviour for controller analog sticks. Each analog stick now has 3 settings as outlined on This should improve the accuracy for movement controls in particular, which previously used a square deadzone, resulting in inconsistent mapping for diagonal inputs.

Removed ability to open the Helminth screen by fast-traveling using Operator mode, this led to issues with your Warframe becoming invisible.
Updated Ivara's Quiver, Vauban's Minelayer, Xaku's The Lost, and Titania's Tribute ability descriptions to list the sub-abilities and a brief general description of what they do. Tips related to these sub-abilities for each Warframe have also been edited for accuracy as a result.
Updated Zephyr's Airburst ability description to include the tap-and-hold mechanic.

### Fixes
Fixed enemies becoming permanently ragdolled after casting Nezha's Divine Spears into a Larva via Helminth Subsumed ability. 
Fixed Helminth Infused ability functionality issues when casting Wisp's Sol Gate. 
Fixed missing UI indication on Quiver Cloak Arrow's duration remaining via Helminth Subsumed.
Fixed Nidus' abilities HUD having greyed out icons for Helminth Infused abilities.
Fixed the Warframe launcher breaking uninstall when using standalone-installer.
Fixed inability to Swap a Polarization.
This was Hotdropped live last week!
More fixes towards a crash that could occur in a Survival mission when choosing to return to the Orbiter.
Fixed Isolation Vault Bounty Bait and objective markers remaining after the Bounty is abandoned. 
Fixed cases of the Upgrade screen showing negative stats after applying Forma to a weapon.
We found this isn't super useful and forces you to exit the Upgrades screen if you want it to show the actual effects of the Mods installed afterwards. 
Fixed Profile 'Kills' and 'Time Played' Stats being influenced by the Simulacrum. 
Simulacrum is a testing ground!
Fixed left trigger no longer opening Chat with controller after you save controller bindings once. As reported here!
Fixed the Infested Salvage End of Mission Reward screen UI stating 50 Endo instead of 300 Endo.
This is a visual issue only, the correct amount of Endo was awarded.
Fixed missing Blueprint locations for the Zymos and Keratinos when viewing in the Market.
Fixed the Daedalus Leg Armour appearing small when equipped on the Hydroid Rakkam Skin.
Fixed sometimes facing the wrong direction when loading into the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed cases of Simaris appearing white instead of orange when entering Sanctuary Onslaught. 
Fixed Quatz reload and Plinx charge reload audio issues when a Skin is equipped. 
Fixed Oscira Sugatra offset on numerous Melee weapons.
Fixed collision issues with the Oscira Thrown Blade Skin when exiting the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed Gauss Graxx Helmet flames always being orange instead of reacting to the chosen Energy Color as the rest of the Redline ability does.
Fixes towards cloth collision on the Mirage Kitsune Helmet. 
Fixed Dendrite Gunblade Skin using the wrong Sugatra attachment point.
Fixed missing doorframe in the Grineer Shipyards tileset. 
Fixed a script error when reaching a new Mastery Rank.
Fixed a script error when a Kubrow Pet uses Stalk.
Fixed a script error when a Vasca Kavat uses Draining Bite.
Fixed a script error when a Kavat uses Cat's Eye.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Tribute ability. 
Fixed rare script error when casting Wukong's Primal Fury ability. 
Fixed a script error when deactivating Mesa's Ballistic Battery ability.
Fixed a script error when Corpus Rangers attempted to Melee smash you from the air.
Fixed script error when picking up Vomvalyst energy buffs while on a K-Drive then dismounting, or mounting K-Drive while you have the buff.
Fixed a script error when being attacked by the Profit-Taker.
Fixed a script error when offering an Eidolon Shard during a Teralyst Hunt Bounty.
Fixed script error that could occur during a Jordas Transmission.

## Heart of Deimos: TennoGen: 29.2.1
**Date:** 2020-10-01T15:51:22Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Tennogen: 29.2.1:
With 29 incredible new items in TennoGen Round 19, we've split it up into 2 parts!
Check out TennoGen Round 19
Part 1 via Steam!
Gauss Agito Skin by Rekkou
Gauss Graxx Skin by Faven
Hildryn Sigrun Skin by malaya, Jadie, and Awk'Q-Luz
Zephyr Blade of the Lotus Skin by BeastBuster
Mag Corpra Skin by FrellingHazmot
Mirage Kitsune Skin by kakarrot2812 and Skyeraikes
Titania Viraji Helmet by malaya and blazingcobalt
Blaze Oculus by blazingcobalt
Night Hunter Syandana by Mz-3
Tsujinasa Syandana by BeastBuster
Ranulyst Syandana by led2012 and daemonstar
Grimstone Heavy Blade Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus
Obanakk Heavy Blade Skin by VoidPunch
Osiris Polearm Skin by Lubox
Mantis Lilieae Skin by MaceMadunusus
Xulatu Chest Armor by led2012
For those of you using DX10, the launcher will now remind you that we're phasing DX10 out in the near future.
Friendly informative reminder: 
Removed the Gas Status Effect from the Deimos Jugulus shooting bone glaives.
The Gas Status Effect was unintended
should only be administering Slash.

### Fixes
Fixes towards a crash that could occur in a Survival mission when choosing to return to the Orbiter.
Fixed an issue where the "swap polarity" functionality would be broken on weapons that had only ever done no-op Polarizations.
Fixed the Quassus leaving you "unarmed" after using heavy attacks.
Fixed a section in the Ustara Crater within the Orb Vallis that resulted in your Warframe turning invisible, the minimap changing, and enemies not attacking you.
Fixed a spot in the Grineer Sealab tileset where enemies struggled to jump down a hole as a team, which resulted in AFK farming.
More fixes towards Look Link issues and diorama issues with the new Companions (mismatching tails, for example). 
Fixed the Oscira Bow Skin not applying correctly to the Kuva Bramma.
Fixed missing Standing icon when viewing the eidolon Hunt Bounty with Konzu.
Fixed screens overlapping when purchasing a Glyph. 
Fixed a script error when offering an Eidolon Shard during a Teralyst Hunt Bounty.
Fixed a script error when a Ghoul Devourer attempts to grapple you.
Fixed a script error when the Treasurer spawns.
Fixed a script error when throwing a Shock Spear in a Free Roam transition (Elevator, etc).
Fixed a script error when casting Ember's Immolation ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Nyx's Psychic Bolts ability.
The 'Deferred Rendering' Display option has been retitled to 'Graphics Engine'.

## Heart of Deimos: Prime Vault: 29.2.0
**Date:** 2020-09-29T17:59:17Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Prime Vault: 29.2.0:
Ember Prime and Frost Prime, as well as their Prime Weapons and exclusive Customizations are now available for a limited time! Trinity Prime Packs, Nova Prime Packs, and their Relics have returned to the Vault.
Ember Prime, Frost Prime, Latron Prime, Reaper Prime, Sicarus Prime, and Glaive Prime Relics have been added back to the droptables!
Visit to check out the Prime Vault Offerings!
Note: As some of you have noticed, our Prime Vault rotation this round has gone on a little long. We had to put a lot of work into making Deimos a simultaneous release during COVID times, and that meant we had to divert focus and people away from some other items. Prime Vault was one of those items.
This means the next Prime Vault offering is a tried and true debut of Ember and Frost Prime (full details to come tomorrow). It also means that we are now in a position to make the Vault following Ember and Frost Prime offer new-to-Vault contents because we recognize how important this is.
Thank you for understanding!
 )
We are changing Marked for Death to start its base Damage at 75%, which will cap at 150% with Mods. Since the 'Damage Type In = Damage Type Out', this will scale well with certain Damage types, specifically ones with DOTS which is what we envision.
Simply put: We're bringing the damage back up!
 )
There will be a reduction in the batches of Railjack Resource Costs across the board required to yield Helminth Secretions.
The changes are as follows:

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.1.2 + Hotfix 29.1.2.1
**Date:** 2020-09-22T17:35:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.1.2:
Disabled Ordis Transmissions while in the Helminth screen. Our trusty Cephalon must be shielded from this room.
There is now an 'Incomplete' tab on the Helminth to show you which abilities you have not Subsumed.
Increased the audible distance of Xaku's weapon sounds in the Grasp of Lohk ability use.
Numerous micro-optimizations for Deferred Rendering have been added to the game!

### Fixes
Fixed T5 Bounty Rewards on Deimos sometimes giving lower Mother Tokens than T4 Bounties.
Fixed incorrect Vendors having the Velocipod K-Drive Skins.
Fixed incorrect Bounty UIs after a host Migration.
Fixed 'Botanist' being missing from the Codex and unlinkable in Chat.
Fixed an issue with the sound of casting Roar on a Warframe that has the ability Infused.
Fixed Railjack Avionics not being displayed correctly in the EoM screen.
Fixed the Ability screen not updating after using Helminth until you go into a mission or use the Arsenal.
Fixed the Boar not having a reload sound.
Fixed an issue where the Vault extraction marker can appear above ground after finishing a Vault Bounty.
Fixed the Entrati Audience Chamber room not being an option to be set as a Spawn room for Dojos.
Fixed Audio ducking staying on if you enter the Arsenal as an Operator.
Fixed some Sentinel and Moa Weapon types not getting affected by Magazine related Mods (notably Helstrum).
Fixed Antigen recipes having underlapping text in the Foundry.
Fixed many weapon Components having ill fitting text in the Foundry.
Fixed an issue where deploying a Desert Skate does not remove the prior deployed Desert Skate.
Fixed an issue being unable to leave Conclave missions using the ESC button.
Fixed recolouring the Arquebex changing colours of attached Necramech in preview.
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a squad while someone else is fishing.
Fixed a script error that could occur with Khora and Venari.
Fixed the Corinth Prime Blueprint using the wrong icon for the Corinth Prime Stock.
-Fixed the Exploiter Orb spawning underground as reported here:
Fixed an issue where using the ESC Menu function when inviting players to the Dojo during a trade causes a game lock.
Fixed continued issues with Steel Path Deimos Bounty rewards not issuing the correct amount of Mother Tokens.
Fixed numerous issues with the Oscira skins not allowing the underlying weapons to use proper reloads and animations.
-Fixed an issue where pausing during extraction can lead to issues as reported here:
Fixed several high priority chat issues relating to loss of functionality.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.1.1
**Date:** 2020-09-18T19:19:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.1.1:
Respective Rifle/Shotgun Skins can now be equipped on Primary Kitguns
including Deluxe Shotgun Skins!
Tombfinger and Rattleguts are Rifles, and Catchmoon is a Shotgun. (Gaze is neither as it's classified as a Beam weapon)
Optimized initial installs.
Fixed a crash in the cache optimizer that would occur if something interfered with updating files.

### Fixes
Fixed Fish Bait falling through the water in the cave during 'Fish For Clues Phase 1 of the Profit-Taker Heist.
Fixed a case where Clients might take out the Fishing Spear but not be able to catch Fish.
Fixed a script error when Fishing in a Free Roam mission and a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed a script error when leaving Orb Vallis or Plains of Eidolon when you never took out the Fishing spear.
Fixed a script error when equipping the Fishing Spear in a non-Fishing mission.

## Heart of Deimos: Update 29.1.0
**Date:** 2020-09-17T15:55:25Z | **Type:** Update
As we're now well into post Heart of Deimos launch, Hotfix notes will contain spoilers, such as accurate Entrati member terms, more descriptive Quest phase fixes, etc.
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Update 29.1.0:
This series is dedicated to the first weapons new Tenno come across as they begin their Warframe journey. You can find all of these in the in-game Market!
Augment your Warframe with this Subtle and sturdy Armor set.
Jump into the future with the high-tech style of the Oscira Collection. Includes the Oscira Armor, Sugatra, and Syandana. Plus, Oscira skins for Pistol, Rifle, Staff, Throw blade, Bow, and Longsword.
All of these can be purchased outside of the Bundle/Collection:
*Edit: Corrected the Oscira weapon skin names. Originally they were dedicated to the new player starter weapons, but we then changed them to be universal Staff, Pistol, Thrown Blade, Rifle, Bow, and Longsword Skins.
This distinctive serpentine Sigil adds venomous menace to any Necramech. As a bonus, a Warframe compatible Snake Sigil is included when purchasing the snake Necramech Sigil!
Rusty but trusty. This skin revives the glory of the legendary Old War Necramech, Snake.
*Find both the Snake Necramech Sigil and the Snake Voidrig Skin with the Necraloid Syndicate for Platinum in the Necralisk!
Transform your K-Drive into a Velocipod! You can choose Purple, Green, and White Velocipod variants
you can color customize the bodies to suit your liking of course, the difference between them being their unique eye designs!
*Find the Velocipod K-Drive Skins from Son's Offerings for Standing in the Necralisk!
This update is a bit larger than normal (6.9GB) because it contains the first phase of our efforts to save you disk space! We didn't quite save as much as earlier tests had suggested but it looks like this should save people at least 5GB after everything is finished.
Note that when downloading the update the launcher will do an automatic optimize pass before downloading more (this is necessary to free up space for the new remastered content).
For full in depth details please visit The Great Ensmallening Dev Workshop:
Keeping within the realm of the "community-created Warframe" project, Xaku has received numerous changes based on your feedback! We welcome your feedback post launch in the official Dev Workshop:
We consider these changes "Round 1" with more to come once players have graciously again provided their feedback!
We are making Void damage 'True Neutral' by removing the 50% resistance of Void damage on Cloned Flesh and Fossilized enemies
a long desired request for Void damage.
Currently, Void damage is relatively ineffective against Cloned Flesh and Fossilized enemies which greatly limits the use of Xata's Whisper on Grineer and Infested enemies. In an effort to give it (and Void damage in general) more utility across enemy categories, we are removing this resistance so that it aligns with its neutral effectiveness against the other enemy types. It is important to note that Eidolons, Amalgams, and certain bosses will still maintain this resistance.
Before we jump into the nitty gritty, let's revisit what the 'Marked for Death' Helminth Infusion is: Stun an enemy; a portion of the next damage you deal to it will be dealt to all enemies around it.
With Marked for Death now in the wild and being experimented with, it was apparent to not be working as intended by overwhelmingly nuking enemies left, right, and center when combined with certain loadouts and due to certain bugs. We recognize the players who brought this forward with understanding that it needs to be addressed. Let's get into the meat of it:
Fixed Mods applying twice to the Marked for Death Damage portion dealt in the AOE.
Fixed base Damage using the Health/Shield Damage dealt and not capped at the Health+Shield the target had prior (e.g. enemy with 5 Health gets hit by 100 damage, and 100 damage is shared in AOE. It should just be the 5).
Radial damage was never meant to exceed the target's Health and this was our bad.
The desired strategy we wanted was players prioritizing tank units like Heavy Gunners to do AOE clears since heavy units have more Health than normal, thus the radial AOE would likely be lethal, not just normal units.
This issue combined with numerous bugs of Mods stacking meant this was way over powered.
A key part of reviewing these changes will be ensuring that players understand the best case scenario we envision for the power is targeting high-Health enemies to do radial damage to weaker enemies. 
Removed Critical Chance from Marked for Death radial AOE. 
Capped Damage multiplier stat to 75% and normalized Damage type mults.
Here's an example of normalized Damage type: if the Damage you deal is 0.5 Impact, 0.4 Slash, 0.3 Heat that sums to 1.2x but after normalizing they become 0.42 Impact, 0.33 Slash, 0.25 Heat.
Fixed Marked for Death with Arcane Trickery equipped triggering invisibility almost every time, because each enemy hit by the AoE has its own 15% chance to activate Arcane Trickery.
An accumulation of Community and Developer feedback have brought forth a handful of Avichea changes and fixes:
Avicheas now correctly fly in circles around the spawn call area once they reach it instead of hovering directly above it, sometimes widely out of range.
This brings Avicheas in line with other flying animals like the Sawgaw, where they fly closer to the call point and land near it. 
Diversified ambient Avichea encounters so that they can either be encountered flying around an area or low down perched on the ground.
Previously ambient Avicheas were only found flying high in the sky, which could easily be missed to the busy eyes. 
Increased the spawn chances of ambient Avichea encounters.
Improvements towards Avichea animations.
This also fixes cases of ambiently spawned Avichea's 'slowly ascending to the heavens'. 
Fixed Avicheas (and Mergoos) not flying away when gunfire is nearby.
Birds do as birds do
Warframe ain't no different! Being stealthy is key for catching these animals.
Fixed some Conservation trail start points appearing under the endocrine goo in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed inability to move, shoot, switch weapons or use Warframe abilities after hitting a dissolving corpse with the Infested Ebisu or Spari Spear whilst fishing.
Please note that the Conservation team has more planned in terms of quality changes and fixes
stay tuned!
Improved spawn rate of Fish in the Cambion Drift to be closer to past Free Roam behaviour. You should generally have a maximum time between fish of ~15 seconds instead of ~50 seconds.
We welcome your feedback if even further changes are needed! 
Reduced the number of Fish parts required per Daughter Exocrine Assignment from 3 down to 2. This brings Daughters economy in line with Son, where the max number of requested parts is 2.
Fixed some various script errors that sometimes resulted in an inability to catch Fish.
Fixed Cambion Drift Fish spawning in the same spot over and over if you didn't move.
Fixed throwing your Fishing Spear into Mag's Magnetize can lead to temporary or complete loss of functionality.
Fixed some jittery hands animations that play throughout the Fishing Spear throw+recall sequence.
Currently there is a 3 minute cooldown on every use of the Necramech Summon Gear item. We've changed the cooldown behavior of the Necramech Summon to reflect the following:
If the player's Necramech is still active, then the Necramech Summon only has a 10 second cooldown. Summoning it this way will move the Necramech to the player's desired position but NOT restore its Health/Shields/Energy.
If the player's Necramech has been destroyed, then the Necramech Summon has a 3 minute cooldown, and will have its Health/Shields/Energy refilled on summon.
Reduced the Necramech's Shocking Iron ability sound loop.
Fixed summoned Necramech's not having their Modded values when summoned again after dying.
This was an issue before the cooldown changes.
Fixed summoned Client Necramech's having 0 Energy when summoned again after dying.
This was an issue before the cooldown changes.
Fixed rare case of a player's Warframe ceasing to exist after Transferring into a Necramech, resulting in an inability to Transference back into your Warframe.
Fixed personal Necramech losing all functionality after Transferring into a fallen Necramech and then summoning your own Necramech.
Fixed ability to interrupt the Necramech ground slam attack with another ground slam attack or normal melee attack. 
Fixed Client Necramech's appearing to run in place after Transferring out of the Necramech with forward momentum. 
Fixed the Necramech appearing crushed around an Excalibur when viewed via Look Link or Mod Link.
Fixed the Necramech model clipping/overlapping with the Upgrade screen when accessed in a Hub/Town.
Fixed Necramech UI and regular weapon crosshair overlapping when attempting to access the Gear wheel via controller while in the Necramech. 
Fixed Necramech weapon appearing blurry after Transferring into a summoned Necramech before the weapon opening animation finishes.
Decreased the unguided flight time of the Alt Fire on launch from 0.06s to 0.03secs.
Decreased the unguided flight time of the Alt Fire smoothing from 1s to 0.4secs.
This makes the Alt Fire projectile start to home in on their targets faster and curve more acutely towards them.
Decreased Alt Fire re-arming delay from 0.2s to 0.01secs.
This decreases the time between being able to lock onto additional targets after the first.
Increased max lock distance from 60m to 80m.
Increased loose lock distance from 80m to 100m.
This increases the distance you can lock onto targets with Alt Fire from 60m to 80m, and lock won't be lost unless the targets move beyond 100m.
Fixed cases of the Sepulcrum Alt Fire not properly targeting enemies.
Optimized performance of several user interfaces including the Nightwave and Void Relic Refinement screens.
Optimized download of some parts of Warframe.
Made a large number of small optimizations to the UI system.
General polish and cleanup of sounds in the Arsenal to remove unintended sounds.

### Fixes
Fixed Deny having poor hit detection on ragdolled or suspended enemies.
Fixed targets affected by Accuse have inconsistent hit detection based on weapon type (beam, bolt, etc).
Fixed a case of dealing self damage via Xata's Whisper.
Fixed a crash when hovering over the Roar ability in the Upgrade screen on a Hildryn which had Balefire replaced by Roar via Helminth.
Fixed a crash that occurred when sitting in the Helminth chair with poor connection quality. 
Fixed Infested Mobility buff effects never ending when under Rank 3.
Fixed Infested Mobility not being affected by Strength like the Arsenal stat screen claims.
Fixed Infusing a new ability via the Helminth to Config D, E, or F not showing the ability has been applied until the player loads into a mission.
Fixed Titania's Tribute HUD not working if Razorwing was overwritten via Helminth.
Fixed rare case of the UI showing that you have the exact Secretion % required but won't let you perform the action. This was due to rounding values in the back end that aren't visible in the UI.
Fixed missing check mark beside recently earned Helminth Rank until you close and re-open the Helminth interface.
Fixed inability to progress through some Corpus/Grineer Invasion missions due to an inability to enter the portal, and just getting put through a never ending loop that goes nowhere.
Fixed Carnis Set Mods not functioning for both Host or Client players.
Fixed cases where Limbo's Banish could be cast with 0 Energy.
Fixed the Soma Prime's Hata-Satya Mod not respecting Multishot for Clients.
Fixed ability to apply Status Effects to the Deimos Saxum before Femurs have been broken. Femurs must be destroyed first before Status Effects will affect the Saxum. 
Fixed Zymos seeking swarms not being able to critically hit.
Fixed Zymos not spitting out the homing spore projectiles after the headshot explosion triggers for Clients.
Fixed Garuda's Dread Mirror Damage Capture Multiplier/Projectile Damage not matching ability screen numbers in the Arsenal.
Fixed ability to go under the floor with a combination of Transference and Titania's Razorwing.
Fixed Garv and his Grineer hooligans not de-spawning after doing a Bounty such as Anomaly Retrieval or Core Samples. This results in multiple Garv's in the Cambion Drift when doing back to back Bounties.
Fixed issues with the Purify Deimos Bounty, where the 'samples' UI will decrease from 35-15 when a Host migrates. However, the collected amount doesn't reflect this switch and will be greater than the UI limit indicates.
Fixed the Latrox Une 'upload' phase skipping if there's a Host migration while collecting samples for Latrox Une.
Fixed the Deimos Claw Skin not applying properly to the Keratinos.
Fixed inability to quickly select the Secondary Emissive and Energy colors when attempting to customize Warframe/Weapon colour Appearance using the controller d-pad.
Fixed the default icons for Mutagen and Antigen samples in the Predasite/Vulpaphyla Revivification menu (Son at Necralisk) being swapped. 
Fixed a section in the Harindi Crater within the Orb Vallis that resulted in your Warframe turning invisible, the minimap changing, and enemies not attacking you.
Fixed inability to spawn Deimos Saxum/Deimos Saxum Rex in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed Tokens appearing in End of Mission screen with common items. Should now appear above regular Resources and Mods.
Fixed Khora appearing mangled in the End of Mission screen diorama.
Fixed Loki's Invisibility ability aggressively color grading your surroundings
very noticeable in the Cambion Drift when your Energy color is neon green (lol).
Fixed towards the Necralisk door opening animation playing when the door is already open. 
Fixed Inbox Gift messages not displaying the amount of items Gifted (ie 5 Forma, etc).
Fixed inability to exit the Shawzin with a controller if a key binding is changed since Start then becomes unbound.
Fixed the Gear Wheel overlapping the Void Fissure End of Mission Reward screen.
Fixed Credits Icon appearing slightly larger than intended in the End of Mission screen,
Another fix towards missing the Entrati Rank up cutscene if you opened the ESC menu right before the cutscene starts. 
Fixes towards poor Extraction waypoint pathing in the Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed Paris bow 3D draw sound not cutting off when bow is fully drawn.
Fixed some spot-loading that would occur when selecting an Infested Companion in the Arsenal.
Fixed possible spot-loading when going into a Town/Relay/Hub.
Fixed numerous script errors when encountering Latrox Une in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error related to having Hildryn's Balefire active while transitioning from Free Roam to Hub/Town.
Fixing a script error with the Railjack Tactical Menu.
Side Note:
Isolation Vault reward tables have been added to warframe.com/droptables!

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.8 + 29.0.8.1
**Date:** 2020-09-10T18:28:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As we're now 2 weeks post Heart of Deimos launch, Hotfix notes will contain spoilers, such as accurate Entrati member terms, more descriptive Quest phase fixes, etc.
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.8:
Necramech's can no longer interact with Ramparts or hack Alarm Towers in the Plains of Eidolon.
This fixes a functionality loss when interacting with a Rampart while in a Necramech and hacking issues specifically with the Plains Alarm Tower.
We have adjusted the Necramech Drop tables to have a mix of Mods in the Necraloid Syndicate as well as on Necramechs outright. 
Removed Necramech Vitality, Refuel, Necramech Intensify, and Necramech Pressure Point from Necramech Drops and moved to Loid's Necraloid Offerings for Standing. warframe.com/droptables has been updated!
Fixed becoming stuck mid-Transference when attempting to exit your Necramech while going through Deck 12 in Orb Vallis.
Fixed inability to Operator Void Dash after getting nullified by a Necramech during the Isolation Vault Bounty.
Fixed ability to bypass the Plains of Eidolon and Cambion Drift perimeters with a Necramech. This also fixes the ability to summon a Necramech when out of bounds.
Fixed ability to ignore teleport volumes and walk along lake-beds with the Necramech by keeping constant forward momentum in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed the Host Necramech UI getting overlapped if a Client squadmate exits their Necramech. 
Fixes towards blank 'Mission Progress' screen when viewed while in a Necramech. 
Still some issues with going from Warframe > Operator > then to Necramech.
The 'Awakening' cinematic now supports translated subtitles.
Added Ether Daggers to Simaris' Offerings for players who might have sold theirs.
Updated Deimos Mutagen and Antigen descriptions to indicate which animal they are designated for (Predasite vs Vulpaphyla). 
Improvements towards Operator eye textures and shading to look less flat. Look, look with your special eyes!
Deimos Landscape Captura Scene is now an option for Rank 5 Entrati Syndicate Reward.
A Fish Trophy is great, but it needed a bit more variety!
Blueprints and Entrati Tokens will now appear closer to the top of the End of Mission Reward section when ordered by 'Importance', instead of being buried under Mods and Resources.
Fixed fallen Necramech's Guard Mode ability not functioning, and instead just draining Energy.

### Fixes
Fixed losing weapon functionality when casting Resonator on a Warframe other than Octavia (Subsumed). 
Fixed getting double prompted to Rush a Subsume if you rejected the first prompt and then went to Feed the Helminth.
Fixed being able to fire your weapon during Undertow or Danse Macabre if active while certain abilities inherited from Helminth expire.
Improved diagnostics for bugs in the Corpus Researcher Cambion Drift Bounty.
Made a few micro-optimizations to HUD Damage indicators.
Made some micro-optimizations to HUD rendering.
Fixed many cases where the Sly Vulpaphyla wouldn't respect cooldowns, would fail to trigger, or would result in Client FX not getting cleaned up. 
Fixed inability to swap Polarities via Forma on Infested Companions.
Fixed the name of newly Gilded Infested Companions not appearing in the Arsenal.
Fixes towards volumetric lighting issues when Deferred Rendering is enabled.
Fixes towards scenarios where the Operator appears visually blown out in the Orbiter when Deferred Rendering is both enabled or disabled.
Fixes towards overly waxy looking skin for the Operator when Deferred Rendering is both enabled or disabled.
Fixed Wyrm Residue puddles not scaling in size properly with Dynamic Resolution enabled alongside Deferred Rendering. As reported here!
Fixed the Arquebex having an unintended 9th Mod Slot. 
Any Polarizations done to this now removed 9th Mod Slot have been transferred over to a free universal (blank) Mod Slot upon login of this Hotfix. In the very rare case of having Polarized the 9th Mod Slot to be universal (blank), the Forma is refunded.
Fixed a case where Latrox Une wouldn't spawn if Garv's encounter happened before it, and Garv was still around.
Fixed inability to progress past the first mission of Saya's Vigil Quest when replaying it. 
Fixed parts of the HUD breaking after attempting to open the ESC menu during a 'Mission Complete' animation (going from Free Roam to Town/Hub). As reported here!
Fixed ability to clip through wall meshes via Operator Transference. 
Fixes towards players unable to launch Archwing after multiple Transference activations.
Fixed certain Warframe abilities (Mesa's Shattered Shield, Mag's Magnetize) that create reflecting bullets counting towards hits that increase the Hata-Satya Critical Chance buff. Only hits performed by Soma Prime should increase the Hata-Satya Critical Chance buff.
Fixed Smeeta Kavat's Mischief ability, Carnis Mod Set bonus, and Survival Instinct modifying evasion incorrectly, and instead acting as a debuff as opposed to the proper buff.
Fixed Clients always hitting a fade-to-black teleport volume when entering the Isolation Vault.
Fixed Ash's Shuriken ability not being affected by Power Strength Mods. 
Fixed Limbo not gaining Energy from enemies killed in the Rift.
Fixed spot-loading when previewing Revivification combinations with Son in the Necralisk. 
Fixed certain Excavation spawns not scaling in level with the rest of the enemies.
Fixed Mining, Fishing or Conservation marking the Free Roam node as completed before the Bounty is done.
Fixed Scan Aquatic Lifeforms Mod sometimes not revealing fish on Orb Vallis and Plains of Eidolon. As reported here!
Fixed cases where the Hata-Satya Mod HUD buff may remain on screen, and not resetting if you enter bleedout in the middle of a casting animation.
Fixed missing the Entrati Rank up cutscene if you opened the ESC menu right before the cutscene starts. 
Fixed Parvos Granum appearing visually blown out in some cases.
Fixed Hydroid's Relay Captura Scene having too many NPCs. 
Fixed Nidus' infestation not applying color properly. As reported here!
Fixed Vauban's coattails missing the PBR treatment. He should match/blend much better now! As reported here!
Fixed an issue where you could not release an animal in the Necralisk if you had no Daily Standing left. 
Fixed erroneous text descriptions telling players things exist in the 'Derelicts' and that Vor's Prize is related to Pluto. 
Fixed the ESC menu saying 'Deimos' where it should have said Necralisk while in the Syndicates menu. 
Fixed Cortege prompting to install a Gravimag first as opposed to a Catalyst. This weapon comes with a Gravimag pre-installed, it will only ask you for a Catalyst if you wish to add one.
Fixed Protea's Dispensary minimap icon not disappearing if you're not in the same tile when the ability expires.
Fixed missing 'Hide Owned' Toggle for the Necralisk Oddities Offerings.
Fixed missing 'Owned' icons for the Necralisk Oddities Offerings if you owned only 1 of the item.
Fixed artifacting visuals in the Cambion Drift Wyrm debris puddles.
Fixes towards Deimos Carnis enemies lingering on the ceiling too long when they should be attacking.
Fixed Wisp not reflecting visual customizations in her Abilities diorama screen.
Fixed Chat Linked Reflex Guard Mod appearing as its old version (Parry Chance).
Fixed a terrain hole in the Orb Vallis. As reported here!
Fixed in-game search not supporting some Turkish characters; including store Offerings, Inventory and especially Chat Link.
Fixed grammatical errors in Executioner Garesh's Codex description.
Fixed script error if you tried to press the Rank up button on a Syndicate screen right after pressing ESC to back out to the all Syndicate view.
Fixed a script error related to Syandanas that open/close in certain situations.
Fixed a script error potentially related to Hildryn's Pillage ability.
Fixed Atlas' Rumblers no longer Petrifying enemies in radius when casting Rumblers if you replace the Petrify ability via Subsumed ability.
Fixes towards failing to match-make while in a Town/Hub. 
Fixes towards failing to match-make after accepting to replay Saya's Vigil Quest. 
Fixed inability to Chat Link Rivens.
Fixed changing from Cooperative Loadout to Conclave Loadout in the Simulacrum Arsenal not allowing you to switch back to your Cooperative Loadout.
Fixed Garuda's Talons not being visible on the End of Mission screen.
Potential fix towards a script error caused by Sly Vulpaphyla Survival Instinct triggering.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.7
**Date:** 2020-09-03T19:29:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.7:
We'll be running a script to retroactively give the Palla Syandana to players who have purchased the Deimos Swarm Pack
stay tuned!Palla Syandana script has started on all platforms
will update here when it has finished! 
*Palla Syandana script has completed on all platforms!
All purchases of the Deimos Swarm Pack moving forward will include the Palla Syandana.
Added Helminth Ability videos on hover of the respective abilities. 
Fixed rare case of getting forced-logged out of Warframe when attempting to Subsume a Warframe to the Helminth under poor Network conditions. As reported here. 
Fixed losing weapon functionality if Octavia had Shooting Gallery (Mesa Subsume) active and casted one of her other abilities.
Fixed getting stuck in an inescapable UI loop when attempting to Rename Helminth from the specific console (just inside the door) if you try to submit an invalid name.
Scintillant in the 'Common' tier of a Deimos Bounty now has correct rarity weights within that tier. Previously it was applying it's 'Rare' tier drop chance within the 'Common' tier
it is now a ~18% drop chance.
A marker will now appear when spotting Conservation scat through the Trang rifle scope or if a Lure is equipped.
Optimizations towards the Deimos Drop Pod spotlight in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed the Sly Vulpaphyla's Survival Instinct FX causing a performance dip due to its visual distortion. As reported here!
Fixed memory leak in UI system that could cause a crash when chilling in the Helminth chair.
Reduced drop chance of Pherliac Pods Blueprint for Deimos Juggernaut to 5%.
Changed 'Necramech Deflection' Mod name to 'Necramech Redirection' since we use Redirection for Max Shield Mods.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to log into Warframe if you didn't own a Kubrow Companion.
This was hotdropped live Tuesday night!
Fixed a crash when casting the Necramech's Storm Shroud ability.
Fixed a crash when casting the Necramech's Necraweb ability.
Fixed a crash when attempting to return to the Necralisk while a Corpus Survivors encounter activates.
Fixed a crash if a Host migration occurred during a K-Drive race. 
Fixed numerous bugs that could occur after a Host migration, including starting on a Free Roam mission, Host-migrating, returning to Town/Hub, and then returning to the Free Roam landscape.
Fixed Client Necramech's not retaining their gained XP if you left the Necramech before you entered the gate/area to return to Town.
Fixed some Client players seeing the same identical Fass symbol on the Isolation Vault doors.
Fixed friendly Necramech nullification disabling Warframe Invisibility and Banish abilities.
Fixed fallen Necramech's on Cambion Drift being Rank 0 for Clients.
Fixed applying Forma to the Necramech Arquebex not showing the Polarity right away until you relog.
Fixed ability to install an Umbra Forma on a Necramech. No need for this as no Umbra Necramech Mods exist!
Fixed Necramech Ammo regeneration speed not changing per weapon equipped.
Fixed a Revenant functionality loss if Reave is cast on an enemy who is both Enthralled and Blood Altared. 
Fixed cases of Revenant's Reave hitting ragdolled enemies multiple times in rapid succession, potentially insta-killing them.
Added Developer Note: To get into specifics, once an enemy was ragdolled you actually hit their proxies, and each AI has a dozenish or so proxies, you get healed for each hit, easily making it a full heal and instakill for each ragdolled enemy. So you were getting '12' for the price of '1' enemy, which is clearly unintended.
Fixed Heavy Gunners unintentionally having almost triple their Armor since Heart of Deimos. This change accidently occurred when changing Garv's Armor value as they use the same back end. As reported here!
Fixed Wyrm Residue not surviving a Host migration.
Fixed inability to Trade "Trapezium Xenorhast" and "Cabochon Embolos". 
Fixed Xaku's base slow of The Vast Untime being 50% instead of intended 15% at Level 2. As reported here!
Fixed ragdolling enemies not taking additional Slash Status from being hit while debuffed by Garuda's Seeking Talons.
Fixed enemies able to apply hostile Status Effects through Mag's "held" variant of Magnetize despite the projectiles never actually reaching you.
Fixed ability to purchase multiple unnecessary copies of the Helminth Segment.
Fixed Deimos Carnis and Deimos Carnis Rex not awarding kill Affinity.
Fixed the Isolation Bounty objective not properly updating upon the second Vault's completion.
Fixed Isolation Vault Esophage waypoint lingering after having left the Vault.
Fixed stacking Deimos Saxum FX for Clients
should be easier to see around these boys now!
Fixed missing Phaedra Magazine when used as a Heavy Weapon.
Fixed Ivara's Concentrated Arrow Augment not disabling Multishot when used in the Simulacrum or viewed in the Arsenal.
Fixed another case of Deimos Bounty Bonus objective UI appearing in a different language. As reported here!
Fixed Nora Night Transmission having too much visual noise.
Fixed a script error when leaving Cambion Drift while Infested Drop Pod reinforcements encounter activates.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.6
**Date:** 2020-09-01T22:43:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.6:
Clip size increased from 9 to 17.
Ammo pool increased from 27 to 51.
Optimized Town, Relay and Dojo server-code.
Made a micro-optimization to minimap rendering.
Xaku's Gaze ability has been added to the Railjack Tactical Menu. 
Xaku will now hide their Syandana and Armor pieces during their The Vast Untime ability to prevent floating objects.
Note: we are about 1 week away from a full Community feedback pass on Xaku's abilities. Sit tight! 
Conservation Animal Tags and Wounded Animal Tags will now appear in the UI popup banner (similar to Argon Crystal) upon collecting an Animal.
You can now Fast Travel to the Necraloid Syndicate in the Necralisk after speaking with them.
Improvements towards the Necramech Guard Mode Equip and Unequip flow to be cleaner and use Abilities functions better.
Added and tweaked many Entrati member VO Transmissions. These tweaks include ensuring some VO Transmissions don't repeat endlessly.
Increased the aggressiveness of Deimos reinforcements. 
Tweaked reload sounds of the Trumna.
Added descriptions to Helminth Secretions. Yum!
Added HUD timers to Vauban's Minelayer grenades.

### Fixes
Fixed Predasite and Vulpaphyla Companions not granting Mastery Rank.
Upon login of this Hotfix, missing Mastery will be given for your respective Gilded Infested Companion.
Fixed a crash that would occur when opening the Simulacrum Arsenal in multiplayer Simulacrum with a Vulpaphyla equipped.
Fixed Vulpaphyla Companion getting reset to Rank 0 if the Vulpaphyla went into bleedout while you were dying/Reviving. 
Fixed Sly Vulpaphyla's Survival Instinct not showing FX for Clients.
Fixed a script error when dying while your Pharoh Predasite Companion used Anabolic Pollination.
Fixed a script error where Panzer Vulpaphyla died before the Viral Quills projectiles landed.
Fixed a script error when a Crescent Vulpaphyla used Crescent Charge on a target that died.
Fixed Necramech's not retaining their gained XP if you left the Necramech before you entered the gate/area to return to Town.
Fixed Client Necramech's not retaining their gained XP after mission aborting. We are working on additional edge cases with Client Affinity retention on Necramechs. More to come!
Fixed a crash when joining a Cambion Drift mission where a Client player is dead.
Fixed a crash when entering the return to Town/Hub area while an encounter triggers in Cambion Drift.
Fixed potential crash when casting Titania's Lantern ability.
Fixed Isolation Vault Necramech Damage resistance not applying to Clients.
Fixed second Necramech summon having no weapon and inability to shoot for Clients.
Fixed Xaku's Vast Untime ability not always damaging enemies within radius.
Fixed failing to Gild an eligible Infested Companion with the Conservation Entrati member if you have a Predasite that is less than Rank 30.
Fixed not gaining weapon XP when shooting from a K-Drive or Velocipod.
Fixed ability to contribute pending Keratinos Blueprints for Entrati Rank up without warning, which causes them to disappear in the Foundry.
Pending Foundry Blueprints won't be eligible for Syndicate Rank up.
Fixed ability to reach the Isolation Vaults without doing an Insolation Bounty.
Fixed being able to walk through the blue force-field wall around the Plains of Eidolon as a Necramech. 
Fixed ability to collide with allied Necramechs. 
Fixed Mods on the lower left side of the Necramech Upgrade screen can't be read.
Fixed UI callout for the Necramech dodge/charge tutorial being incorrect.
Fixed the Necramech moving in a circular motion while boosting when tilting the controller joystick slightly to the left or right.
Fixed Cortege doing incorrect Damage type in Heavy Weapon mode.
Fixed the Sepulcrums Alt Fire homing projectiles sometimes endlessly circling low profile targets like the Deimos Carnis enemy. 
Fixed Sepulcrum and Trumna local firing sounds playing for Clients.
Fixed Energy Siphon on Hildryn resulting in her Pillage Overshields being reverted. 
Another fixed towards Wukong Prime's Iron Staff not blocking 100% of Damage as intended.
Fixed Phaedra missing its Magazine component. 
Fixed Pets/Sentinels always targeting Cryptilex.
Fixed Velocipods not displaying max Pistol Ammo when riding
they were only showing Magazine.
Fixed Khrusos Syandana textures to react to lighting more naturally and appear less flat.
Fixed entering the Mod Bench while in the Necramech Upgrade screen resulting in getting the regular Mod Bench selection with all Mods showing.
Fixed missing Trumna Alt Fire animations.
Fixed some Otak ambient barks overlapping with other dialog.
Fixed missing Mother VO if you skipped the Entrati Rank up reward and then choose to select the reward later.
Fixed cases of missing Mother VO when taking a Bounty.
Fixed missing goodbye VO for the Weapons Entrati member.
Fixed "Melee Combos" for Necramechs showing broken Stance Mods and wrong combos.
Fixed cases of missing Wyrm Residue FX.
Fixed many missing Deimos Codex entries.
Fixed a script error that could occur if a wild Medjay Predasite was charging towards you while using Paralytic Spores and died, which could cause other enemies to not be vulnerable to finishers.
Potential fix for a script error when a Host migrates in a Free Roam mission. 
Fixed a script error related to Wyrm Residue puddles.
Fixed a script error when encountering an Infested Drop Pod.
Fixed a script error when selecting a mission from the World State Window. 
Fixed a script error when a Necramech deactivated their Guard Mode ability. 
Fixed a script error when casting Ash's Shuriken ability. 
Fixed a script error when using the Broken Scepter.
Fixed a couple script errors when Feeding Resources to the Helminth.
Fixed a script error when being attacked by Deimos Runners.
Fixed numerous script errors when being attacked by the Deimos Leaping Thrasher.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.5
**Date:** 2020-08-28T19:38:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.5:
Damaged Necramech parts and Weapon Parts are now tradable!
Enabled proper Necraloid items to be a free Reward for hitting Rank 3. 
Improved alignments of the expand arrow on the EOM screen. 
Improved FX on the 'Heart' in a certain quest stage. 
Increased the rarity on the Botanist Mod to Rare.
Added proximity markers to the mollusks so it's easier to spot them and gather samples during the relevant Bounty.

### Fixes
Fixed a potential Quest progression stopper related to the Esophage usage. 
Fixed a bonus objective being impossible to achieve with 3-4 players in the squad for Deimos survivor bounty. Also, objective count will update correctly whenever the squad size changes.
Fixed Necramech drops falling through the floor when dropped.
Fixed Summoning Necramechs losing affinity gained in previous Necramechs. 
Potential permanent fix to Void Dash being disabled by Vault Mechs, more work will be needed on this, but we have made some progress here. 
Fixed Chroma Immortal skin missing his tail. Pin the Tail on the Dragon. 
Fixed an issue with being able to donate un-Gilded Modular pets. 
Fixed Race markers from the surface of the Cambion Drift appearing on the map while underground. 
Fixed issues with Necralisk doors appearing invisible or unlit. 
Fixed 'Œ' not working in certain languages. 
Fixed Ally Necramechs not always spawning during Vome Cycle. 
Fixed Ally Necramechs interfering with Operator Void Dashing and Transference. 
Fixed a couple cases of missing Icons for Weapons in the EOM screen. 
Fixed an issue where a named Kitgun would display the default name instead when transitioning from Free Roam missions to a Hub. 
Fixed an issue where the Currency bar could get stuck hidden when returning from a mission
Fixed the EOM diorama preview not hiding Squad overlay and Currency bar
Fixed a script error related to Kubrow's Marking an enemy with the Mecha Mod set, the Kubrow dying, then somebody else killing the enemy while they are still marked. 
Fixed Deimos spots where players could break through the level.
Fixed Father 5 Token Tasks allowing multiple purchases.
Fixed Carnis set bonus not functioning.
Fixed a case where after cutting all fish you had for a vendor, could then go back into the empty cut screen, until reloading the area.
Fixed Necramech statue not being placeable in deco mode. 
Fixed a crash that could occur from the squad overlay.
Fixed a script error caused by Deimos Leaping Thrasher.
Fixed a localization issue with Iron Staff. 
Fixed missing information on Deimos Fish decorations in the Codex.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.4
**Date:** 2020-08-27T23:04:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.4:
Ranking up in the Entrati Syndicate will now require a maximum of 1 Entrati Token type per rank (i.e 1x Conservation + 1x Fishing). Anyone who has already ranked up will receive a refund script within the next few days.
We have also done a significant rebalance pass of Conservation's role in the Entrati Economy based on feedback.
Reduced the Animal Tags required to complete a 1 Token Task by 50%.
Reduced the average number of Animal Tags required for 'Capture Deimos Wildlife' Tasks which give 3, 4, and 5 Tokens. 
Fixed some 'Capture Deimos Wildlife' Tasks appearing as doubles, giving twice the intended Tokens without costing twice as much.
Added a 'Daily Special' for Conservation to match the Daily Special for Fishing design by request.
Increased the Bait Defense time from 60s to 90s and increased enemy reinforcements.
Lowered drop rate of the Infested anti-toxin during the Toxin Level phase to increase difficulty
it's too easy!
Toxin Level will now greatly increase if players leave the designated area in an effort to increase team coordination and difficulty. 
Replaced the Volatile Runner with a Deimos Runner in the Toxin Level phase.
Fixed a crash that could occur if the Host migrated during an Isolation Vault Bounty.
This also fixes having to repeat Isolation Vault stages if a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed a 'worst case scenario' procedural generation where some Isolation Vaults would not have the Reactive Crystal intact, which occurred in a 1 hour window last night.
General note re: Scintillant!
We discussed it yesterday, and realized the Scintillant description was too vague in terms of other methods to acquire it and updated its description in the last Hotfix.
Overnight, we ran stats and the amount collected was too low, which is widely accepted from the community to be the case.
While we all start with baseline '0' for new Updates, this Resource is an outlier in how slowly it's being accrued, which is to say current pacing not our intention.
They should feel like a revised Cetus Wisp, but when we compared the two overnight, and considering more people are playing Heart of Deimos and how many Scintillant are needed, they were lower to a degree that doesn't make sense with their hookup.
Here is how we are fixing that today:
Isolation Bounty Necramech's now have a chance to drop Scintillant.
Fixed issues with unable to pick up Scintillant within the Vault environments. 
Increased the spawn chance and spawn radius size of Scintillant within Vault environments. 
Removed Scintillant as one of the Weapons Entrati members 'Parts Requisition' Tasks.
Added a slight glow effect to the Scintillant to increase visibility.
Increased the audio loop sound effect when a Scintillant is nearby.
Player-usable Necramechs that you can Transference into on the Cambion Drift no longer drop rewards. 
Transferring into a Necramech and then standing around waiting for it to die to drop rewards is far from the intentions of the Necramech system. We understand this is a frustrating oversight. Additionally, this was often bugged that only 1 person got the drop at all. Enemy Necramechs in the Isolation Vaults will still drop rewards, and now they'll drop more of them (Scintillant). 
You can now enjoy Deimos from afar as a new planet backdrop when back in your Orbiter!
Appearance improvements towards Maggot and Crawler death FX. 
Optimized mining visibility more by preventing certain 'pulsing' aspects of the world overlapping nodes. 
Optimized locations of Esophage exit ports. 
Reduced camera shake on the second stage of the Heart of Deimos quest.
Hydroid Rakkam Kraken will now be the deluxe version when casting Undertow. 
Tweaked the holstered idle pose of the Keratinos to avoid clipping.

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopper in the Heart of Deimos Quest if enemies spawn behind doors. 
Fixed ghost channel members lingering behind in Relays and Towns causing confusion and server-strain.
Fixed a Heart of Deimos progression stop if you used Transference when in the Necramech cutscene.
Fixed certain icons being reversed for repaired Cortege Receiver / Stocks. 
Fixed failed purchases at Fishing/Conservation Entrati members showing empty quotes instead of the item name.
Fixed Fish part quantities not displaying properly when Cut with the Fishing Entrati member in the Necralisk. This should now equally match when you see when Providing/Cutting Fish in Fortuna/Cetus.
Note that this is a fix to the user interface: Despite the "Cut fish" summary previously not showing a number of some parts when you cut multiple fish at once, you did actually get those parts.
Fixed an Obelisk exploit with certain AI combinations. 
Fixed an issue where starting a multiplayer mission just as the Wyrm's were rotating could cause level issues. 
Fixed an issue with the truly 'dead' Mechs not looking deader-than-dead, meaning no Transference allowed.
Fixed Mod Link configs from Configuration B not showing Subsumed abilities.
Fixed issues with the Carnis Mod sets not functioning properly. 
Fixed Esophage fast travel not working as intended on Clients.
Fixed a crash that would occur when in a Necramech when someone disconnects. 
Fixed a crash that would occur when starting certain Cambion Drift Bounties.
Fixed issues with proper attachment/detachment of enemy Necramech arms for Clients. In some cases Clients saw Necramechs dying with both arms attached when in fact they were shoot off and weakspot exposed.
Fixed some Conservation Lures failing to find a path and possibly creating script errors once activated.
Fixed an issue with loading screens for Earth and Mars looking incorrect.
Fixed enemies not targeting the Operator after dying in a Necramech.
Fixed missing sounds for the Predasite and Vulpaphyla Precepts.
Fixed the Kymaeros having a description for Alloy Plate and other erroneous descriptions.
Fixed an issue where Operators could be used to bypass a part of the Heart of Deimos quest. 
Fixed inability to shot for the entire hover duration when in a Necramech.
Fixed Xaku's 'Vast Untime' damaging Teralysts and Variants. As mentioned at TennoCon, this is not intended. 
Fixed script error when Vizier Predasite dies when attempting to heal.
Fixed a script error when Inaros' Devour was cast. 
Fixed a script error on certain item menus appearing during a load state. 
Fixed a crash caused by fishing and catching a fish at the same time a squad member captures an animal. 
Fixed a script error that can occur in the Free Roam mission overlay map after a Host migration.
Fixed an issue where Operators and Mechs may not work after transference. 
Fixed script error when a Conservation fails.
Fixed a script error that would occur when killing an enemy, but also reviving an ally when certain Challenges are active.
Fixed a script error that could occur when the new Deimos enemies did a special attack.
Fixed a script error that would occur when exiting an Open World mission while your Vasca Kavat was approaching a target for Draining Bite. 
Fixed a K-Drive related Crash.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.3
**Date:** 2020-08-26T22:57:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.3:
The Deimos Bounty Credit Cache rewards have been replaced with an Ayatan Amber Star.
Added descriptive text to the Scintillant to expose its secondary acquisition path:

Added invulnerability period when Transferring into Necramechs found out in Cambion Drift.
Reduced Vulpaphyla Revive precepts from 5 ranks to 3 ranks, as the extra 2 served no purpose. Refunded Credits and Endo will follow in a script later this week or next for early adopters.
Added more sound effects for the Vulpaphyla.
End of Mission screen music will now properly duck sound FX.
Performance improvements towards Cambion Drift terrain textures.

### Fixes
Fixed cases of players unable to start Vor's Prize after completing the tutorial.
This also unblurs the 'Vor's Prize' Quest entry for those who skipped it way back in the day.
Fixed missing context actions when investigating Solaris bodies in the Vox Solaris Quest.
Fixed a crash when a Client player has a Vulpaphyla Pet and it dies.
Fixed a crash during the Garv Bounty mission.
Fixed script errors when player quits before/during death in "Confront Umbra" stage of The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed Cambion Drift Bounties failing if the Client player loads in too far away from the objective area.
Fixed inability to pick up Fass Residue on a K-Drive during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed not having to collect Infested Samples for Latrox Une when doing multiple Bounties in succession in the same Cambion Drift session.
Fixed incorrect Eximus enemy title on the Cambion Drift.
Fixed some missing FX on Deimos enemies when they pop out of their sacs.
Fixed color grading style color corrections ignoring the Color Correction video setting. As reported here:
Fixed alignment issues with the Paradiso Armor on numerous Warframes.
Fixed script error that can occur when trying to use the Scanner when returning to a Town.
Fixed a script error if Garv dies.
Fixed a script error related to the Profit-Taker.
Fixed a script error that could occur when using Transference. 
Fixed a script error when using the Necramechs' Guard Mode ability.
Fixed a script error when entering an enemy camp in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error when the Drop Pods in the Cambion Drift drop down enemies.
Fixed a script error when a Sly Vulpaphyla deactivates a Precept.
Fixed a script error when a Panzer Vulpaphyla attempted to attack but ran out of targets.
Fixed a script error that occurred when a Necramech died.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.2
**Date:** 2020-08-26T19:56:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.2:
Infested Fish within the Cambion Drift are now always guaranteed to provide their respective Fish parts when cut! Descriptions of Fish parts now also include exact Fish source information.
The RNG behind Fish parts did not sit right based on player feedback, and we agree. Our intentions didn't outweigh the value in this case.
The Conservation Entrati member now sells a Tranq Rifle for those who have not yet acquired one from Fortuna.
Add a 'View Cinematic' button for Awakening in the Quest Codex section! This allows you to view the opening cinematic without going into the full tutorial. 
Added Xaku Blueprint to Cephalon Simaris Offerings for those who have completed the Heart of Deimos Quest. 
Reduced the Necramech Storm Shroud ability damage immunity from 1 to .8. This ability now functions similar to Iron Skin. 
Increased the Necramech Reach Mod base Melee Range from +0.17 to +0.25.
Improvements towards the Necralisk to Cambion Drift hallway trigger placement, so players may walk up to the door without leaving the loading trigger.
This also fixes misleading size of extraction zone radius on minimap.
Mining veins now have a UI marker present when the Cutter/Drill is equipped and you're close to it.
Improvements to Mining FX/materials in the Cambion Drift to improve visibility.
Improvements towards different Matchmaking scenarios within Deimos (join-in-progress, join from a Necralisk, join from Cambion Drift, etc).
Slight FX tweaks to the Deimos node in the Shar Chart.

### Fixes
Fixes towards Town, Relay, and Dojo server stability and performance.
Fixed a Heart of Deimos Quest progression stop due to an inability to swap back to the Omni repair tool when it's required.
Fixed a crash if you died during mission 3 of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a crash when joining a Cambion Drift mission in progress and the player is in a Wyrm Residue area.
Fixed a crash when Transferring into a Necramech out on the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a crash when inspecting the Quassus' stats in the Mission Progress screen while in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a crash that could occur if you were in a Necramech after a Host migration. 
Fixed a crash when fighting a Necramech in the Isolation Bounty.
Fixed numerous crashes related to interacting with Reactive Crystals. 
Fixed a crash when attempting to open the Gear Wheel after mounting a K-Drive.
More fixes towards a tunnel door not opening in the Necramech training mission of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a rampant script error that prevented Conservation from triggering in certain spots in Cambion Drift.
Fixed Jahu Reactive Crystals spitting out Resources every time you Transfer in/out of Operator mode
Fixed Cambion Drift Isolation Vault Bounties giving a reward of any rarity for all 3 difficulty tiers. Now they correctly give Common at tier 1, Uncommon at tier 2, and Rare at tier 3.
Fixed Necramech's not picking up things like Energy and Mods.
More fixes towards dying in a Necramech resulting in your Operator being invisible and invincible. 
Fixed the Fishing Spear not being given back if you died during the Fishing mission of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed Wyrm Residue spawning inside of inaccessible locations during the 'Collect Worm Bait' phase of a Vault Bounty.
Fixed objective waypoints not updating properly during the Necramech training mission of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed inability to use your Vome Residue/Fass Residue to craft Mutagen/Antigen Blueprints.
Fixed Refined Bapholite Blueprint requiring Adramalium instead of raw Bapholite.
Fixed being able to Transference into an invisible Warframe during the "Confront Umbra" stage of The Sacrifice.
More fixes towards ability to start Bounties during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed Vome Residue areas Reviving players (not intended!).
Fixed cases of the Relay/Town Chat channel not disappearing upon leaving said Relay/Town.
Fixed missing Vulpaphyla and Predasite Precept Mods from the Codex.
Fixed Clients sometimes not seeing the Purifier aura FX.
Fixed all squadmates getting the UI tips for the Necramech's Necraweb ability when one player is using it. 
Fixed Cambion Drift Excavator objective not updating based on the number of players after a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed Cambion Drift Excavator UI disappearing after a Host migration.
Fixed a momentary black screen when loading into the Cambion Drift.
Fixed players receiving progress towards Orb Vallis "Bounty Hunter" Challenge when finishing Cambion Drift Bounties.
Fixed Maturing a Pet through the Arsenal not refreshing the Arsenal, allowing for a 2nd failed Mature attempt.
Fixed some Deimos enemies having the wrong Health and Armor types.
Fixed inability to Chat link the Mausolon. 
Fixed Otak not spinning around when Loid is talking when speaking to him at his Mining spot.
Fixed music ducking Loid/Otak switch sounds completely.
More fixes towards missing Conservation Transmissions.
Fixed missing VO line when interacting with the Fishing Entrati member with no Fish in your Inventory.
Fixed two cases of Cambion Drift Bounty bonus objective UI appearing incorrectly. As reported here.
Fixed ability to use Emote Hotkeys when in situations that Gear Hotkeys are disabled.
Fixed getting a blank screen when attempting to Cut/Provide Fish to a vendor but you don't have any eligible Fish for that node (ie Fortuna Fish at the Cetus Fish vendor, etc).
Fixed Hydroid Rakkam Kraken not having its deluxe Skin applied during Undertow.
Fixed The Steel Path Deimos Trophy not matching the FX of the actual Deimos node.
Fixed incorrect Fishing Trophy diorama in Cambion Drift.
Fixed some Blueprint component text overlapping.
Fixed a Host migration triggering a script error when encountering a puzzle in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error that occurred at the beginning of the Necramech training mission of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a script error during the Corpus survivor Bounty in Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error when activating an Eidolon Hunt after a Host migration has occurred.
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurs during Cambion Drift 'Lure the Assassination Target' Bounty. 
Fixed a script error that could occur if you immediately took out a Fishing Spear upon entering Cambion Drift from Necralisk.
Fixed a script error that could occur when a Fish died while you were successfully catching a different one. 
Fixed a script error when a Fish survived damage after you died and Revived. 
Fixed a script error when initiating a K-Drive Race in the Cambion Drift.
Fixed script errors that could occur if you died during the Fass/Vome fight sequence.
Fixed a script error when a Jugulus dies.
Fixed a script error when a Leaping Thrasher dies.
Fixed a script error related to Venari. 
Fixed a script error when casting Xaku's Accuse ability.
Fixed crazy decimals on the Survival Instinct and Sly Devolution Mod descriptions.

## Heart of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.1
**Date:** 2020-08-25T23:58:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
In an attempt to keep these notes spoiler free you may notice some less-descriptive language than usual
thank you for your diligent reporting!
### Changes
Heart Of Deimos: Hotfix 29.0.1:
Removed the 2 Entrati Character Token sacrifice required to earn the first Entrati Rank up as there were issues with accessibility as commented on here (SPOILERS):
If you have made this Entrati Rank up sacrifice please contact support.warframe.com to get your Tokens back.
Removed the Helminth 'Interact' context action until you have installed the Helminth Segment. But is it a cat or dog person?! Did you find out?!
Cambion Drift is now always shown in the Star Chart if you have not completed the Heart of Deimos Quest. Upon hover it will be locked with the tooltip to complete Heart of Deimos to gain access.
Reduced overall sounds of the Necramech, including very loud death sounds.
Sound tweaks to the platform ascent/descent moment during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Slight tweaks towards crafting sounds in the Necralisk.

### Fixes
Potential fix for a tunnel door not opening during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a script error when opening the Star Chart with the Once Awake Quest active resulting in broken Navigation. 
Fixed a crash that could occur during one of the cinematics in the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a progression stop in the New Player Experience (Awakening) if an enemy gets stuck outside the first room.
Fixed dying in a Necramech resulting in your Operator being invisible and invincible. 
Fixed dying in mission 3 of the Heart of Deimos Quest causing a progression stop.
Fixed missing temporary invulnerability when Transferring into a Necramech.
Fixed wrong waypoint being given when following someone back to the Necralisk during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a script crash during the 'be stealthy' part of the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed a case of Fishing not working for Clients in Cambion Drift.
Fixed Cambion Drift being unlocked when playing Steel Path without having finished the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed Entrati Weapon Syndicate member missing the Trumna Stock Blueprint.
Fixed ability to start a Bounty from Mother during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed Necramech Fury and Necramech Pressure Point Mods not functioning for either Host or Client.
Fixed objective markers not updating during the Heart of Deimos Quest while in Operator mode.
Fixed ability to launch Cambion Drift in Steel Path mode if you clicked Necralisk from the Star Chart and then went into Cambion Drift.
Fixed staying in a squad when playing the Awakening tutorial.
Fixed low image quality on new TennoGen Prex cards.
Fixed some missing Conservation Transmissions.
Fixed inability to turn in 1 Syndicate Medallion when at your Daily cap.
Fixed visual hair discrepancies with the Conservation Entrati Syndicate member.
Fixed a slight flash of UI when loading into the Heart of Deimos Quest opening cutscene.
Fixed Arbiters of Hexis and Cephalon Suda playing the wrong Rank Up VO.
Fixed misspelling of 'Warframe' in a certain characters dialogue during the Heart of Deimos Quest.
Fixed harmless Fishing script error when going to the Necralisk from Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you were Scanning something as you were leaving a Free Roam landscape.
Fixed a script crash that could be caused by Conservation targets in certain places on the Cambion Drift.
Fixed a script error related to Loid hovering. 
Fixed a script error related to Infested Pods spawning.
Fixed a script error related to the Deimos Jugulus attacking you.
Fixed a script error occurring when a Moa Companion uses Shockwave Actuators.
Fixed a script error in the Railjack Navigation screen.
Fixed a script error when casting Xaku's Grasp of Lohk ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Protea's Blaze Artillery ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Mag's Magnetize ability.
Fixed a script error when previewing a Mod Link.

## Heart of Deimos: Update 29
**Date:** 2020-08-25T19:57:29Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Earn new Captura Scenes depicting haunting areas of The Cambion Drift and The Underground! Find these within the Entrati Syndicate!
Added new Deimos Challenges:
Jugger-Not
Kill 5 Juggernauts in Cambion Drift.
Forbidden Fruit
Collect 50 Ganglion from Haptic Frond.
Bug Out Ride
Ride 20 Velocipods.
Kill It With Fire
Burn 100 Infested pods.
Added a new Precept Mod for Oxylus available from Simaris!
Botanist
Oxylus Sentinel will scan plants within 20m over 5s. This consumes Codex Scanner charges.

### Changes
Mounting your K-Drive will appear as normal until you press the binding to equip your Secondary (default F key). Press again to put it away and do those sick moves.
Primo Flair
Increase Maximum Trick combo to 6000.
Bomb The Landin
Tap and Hold Grind in the air to execute a 20m Slam Shockwave.
Juice
Executing tricks charges Energy: 55 Energy per 100 Trick Points.
Vapor Trail
Add 10 Boost Speed. Consumes 10 Energy/s.
Paris Prime:
Bhisaj-Bal
Restore 300 Health for every 3 Status Effects. +90% Status Chance.
Akstiletto Prime:
Zazvat-Kar
+75% Ammo Efficiency while Airborne
Soma prime:
Hata-Satya
Each hit increases Critical Chance by 1.2% (capped at 500%). Resets upon reloading or holstering.
Akbronco Prime:
Damzav-Vati
+240% viral damage
*Find these new Prime Weapon Mods from the Weapon Entrati Syndicate member within the Necralisk!
*Find the Zymos Blueprint and its components from within the Entrati Syndicate!
*Find the Keratinos Blueprint and its components from within the Entrati Syndicate!
Mastery Rank Standing Cap
Previous
New
0
1000
8500
1
2000
9250
2
3000
10000
3
4000
10750
4
5000
11500
5
6000
12250
6
7000
13000
7
8000
13750
8
9000
14500
9
10000
15250
10
11000
16000
11
12000
16750
12
13000
17500
13
14000
18250
14
15000
19000
15
16000
19750
16
17000
20500
17
18000
21250
18
19000
22000
19
20000
22750
20
21000
23500
21
22000
24250
22
23000
25000
23
24000
25750
24
25000
26500
25
26000
27250
26
27000
28000
27
28000
28750
28
29000
29500
29
30000
30250
30
31000
31000
Reordered various Rewards in the End of Mission screen:
Syndicate Medallions now appear above Mods and Resources.
Mods now always appear above Resources of the same rarity.
Removed the sort by 'Type' since sorting by 'Importance' already does that in a more logical way.
Updated the Conclave and Index scoreboard window with the new End of Mission screen style. 
Added "hide" button to the top left corner of the Mission Summary and End of Mission screen. Hover over the "eye" icon to hide the mission summary UI to get a clear shot of your surroundings if needed while reviewing stats mid-mission. This icon also removes the UI overal from the Warframe diorama in the backdrop in the End of Mission screen. Now you can take screenshots of your squad looking really really cool.
The exit button will now pulse when it's available upon returning to your Orbiter.
Squad overlay now appears on the End of Mission results/screen in mission and after returning to the Orbiter.
Pausing Warframe while previewing Mission results (Tab) now closes the Mission results before opening the Pause screen to avoid overlapping UI.
We've added more Medals to the End of Mission screen related to:
Life support Capsules and Modules / Excavator Powercells found
Healing done
Rescue Target found
First to find Syndicate Medallion 
When returning from a Free Roam location to the respective Town (Plains -> Cetus, etc), the End of Mission screen will no longer stop player movement until after the initial animation ends.
Reduced colored backer visibility with the quick view mission summary window (opened with Tab). 
Added new music to the End of Mission screen!
Fixed Syndicate Medallion variants not being listed beside each other in the End of Mission Rewards section.
Fixed End of Mission recap music not properly removing other music and sounds in the Orbiter when playing.
Fixed the Kill Boss Medal in the End of Mission screen crediting Eximus and other VIP kills.
Fixed the Kill Boss Medal not properly counting the Hyena Pack.
Fixed the chosen End of Mission Reward sorting preference not carrying over multiple missions.
Fixed the End of Mission screen overlapping with the Daily Tribute screen.
Fixed Accuracy Medal double-counting Melee hits.
Fixed several script errors with the End of Mission screen.
Decreased Alt Fire ammo cost from 75 to 50.
Increased lifetime of Alt Fire projectile from 0.095s to 0.12s
Acolyte Mods have been redistributed into Entrati Bounties as we are sunsetting the rerunning of that event, however, it won't be the last you see of Acolytes overall. Stay tuned for more!
Mag's Magnetize now has an added functionality as seen in the "Awakening" cinematic. Now, when Magnetize is held vs. tapped to cast, Mag creates and holds a Magnetize bubble in front of her that absorbs projectiles. Recast the ability to throw the absorbed damage in a cone back onto enemies. Mag can also walk while holding the bubble. 
Free Roam landscapes now have a custom icon in the Star Chart!
Enemy Beacons are now disabled for Invasion missions due to numerous Beacon spawns not attacking you when used in an Invasion mission where you're allied with the respective team.
Improvements towards hair shading when Deferred Rendering is enabled.
The Aero, Motus, and Proton Mod Sets now have unique Set Icons.
Deimos nodes have been added into the mix for Sorties, Syndicate, and Void Fissure missions. 
You can now hold "X" and release it to dismount from K-Drive. 
Updated Athodai's description to indicate that "headshot KILLS trigger Overdrive". 
Removed some legacy system spec warnings from the Launcher.
Choosing to contribute the maximum number of Syndicate Medallions will now round up to allow filling the Standing capacity instead of stopping short. Incrementing number of Medallion contributions and single Medallion contributions will now respect this limit.
Changed the Fraggor Brok Skins "10% lower Channeling Efficiency" to "-1s Combo Duration".

### Fixes
Tenno,
As with all Mainlines, we cast a huge web of changes. You may find some placeholder and unfinished features as you explore all that Heart of Deimos has to offer
please let us know if you see anything amiss! Within the Entrati Syndicate there of course exists its own economy, of which we welcome your constructive feedback once you've delved into its features.
Enjoy the Heart of Deimos, Tenno!
Deimos emerges in Martian orbit, completely overrun by the Infestation... yet among the writhing mass, a distress call comes over a most ancient carrier wave.
A new Quest is available in your Codex, Tenno! The Prerequisite for 'Heart of Deimos' is completing the Earth to Mars Junction.
The "Heart of Deimos" Quest will introduce you to the newest Open World. Learn all about the denizens of THE CAMBION DRIFT, and the souls lurking in THE NECRALISK HUB!
If you buy Xaku with Platinum, you will receive a Riven Mod as a quest Reward in addition to the Xaku Blueprint.
The Cambion Drift is a dense open world on Mars' infested moon of DEIMOS that connects to the Necralisk, a new Hub (detailed below). Below this Open World you will find an Underground, the second layer. You can find puzzles and mysteries below, as well as Necramech encounters! The Cambion Drift will be made accessible in the Star Chart once you've completed the Heart of Deimos quest.
The Infested moon of Deimos is under a constant war between VOME and FASS. As you play, you'll watch the feuding siblings reclaim dominance over Deimos and its denizens.
Vome
with her gentle watch.
Fass
with his spiteful anger.
When Vome wins the sibling battle and watches over the Cambion Drift, formidable Infested enemies will lay dormant and you may come across friendly Necramechs on your travels.
When Fass wins the sibling battle and watches over the Cambion Drift, those formidable Infested enemies will rise, and ruined Necramechs will lay silent throughout Cambion Drift. The more you play, the more you'll discover about their watchful effects!
Beware, Tenno!
A key part of Heart of Deimos are the Tokens representing each of the Entrati members. These will be your key to progress throughout the ENTRATI Syndicate in order to gain Standing, and by talking to each Vendor and playing Bounties you can discover all there is to earn!
All your Entrati Syndicate progress and management needs can be found with Mother!
All your Bounty access needs can be found with Mother!
All your Entrati weaponry needs can be found with this Entrati member you will meet upon completion of the 'Heart of Deimos' Quest!
Find new Prime Weapon Mods within this Entrati members offerings! See 'NEW PRIME WEAPON MODS' section below.
*Infested Kitguns will be offered by this Entrati member in a later Update to Heart of Deimos.
All your Entrati Fishing needs can be found with this Entrati member you will meet upon completion of the 'Heart of Deimos' Quest!
Here you will be able to cut Deimos Fish for fish parts to use towards this members Token system, crafting, and more.
All your Entrati Conservation needs can be found with this Entrati member you will meet upon completion of the 'Heart of Deimos' Quest!
Here you will experiment with Revivification (see Revivification section of notes below), and other Experimental Procedures, obtaining Floofs, and more!
All your Entrati Mining needs can be found with Otak, who you met at TennoCon!
Here you will be able to exchange Gems and Alloys, and more!
All your Entrati Oddities and Token Exchanging needs can be found with this Entrati member you will meet upon completion of the 'Heart of Deimos' Quest!
This Vendor also has some K-Drive Races for you out in the Cambion Drift!
Here you can acquire Deimos Decorations and all new Deimos Captura Scenes.
The Entrati are prepared to give a variety of new Bounty types to worthy Tenno
play them to earn new Rewards (including Xaku's Components)!
Try out the new Endless Bounty to dig up Deimos rewards to your heart's content! Simply look for (ENDLESS) in the Bounty Description Title!
Isolation Vaults await you as a part of these Bounties, tread with caution!
Within the NECRALOID Syndicate, you will access everything you need to get started on building your very own NECRAMECH! You must have completed The War Within Quest to access this content.
In HEART OF DEIMOS, we are launching 1 NECRAMECH, found in the NECRALOID Syndicate! It is fully colour customizable, has 4 Unique Abilities (like a Warframe) and can be summoned for Transference via the NECRAMECH SUMMON Gear Item for use in ANY Open World! The Necramech Summon Gear Item is awarded upon crafting your first Necramech!
*An additional Mech will be offered by this Entrati member in a later Update to Heart of Deimos.
Meet the Necramech:
NECRAMECH
as seen at TennoCon! Play the Heart of Deimos Quest to learn more about these machines.
*Find the Necramech Blueprint as well as its Components from the Necraloid Syndicate.
Necramech is compatible with Arch Guns with Gravimags installed!
You will be able to Mod your very own Necramech using the 16 new Mods, obtained as drops from slain Necramechs.
Visit warframe.com/droptables for all your drop inquiries!
These 16 Necramech Mods are a mix of familiar Warframe Mods (Necramech Stretch, Necramech Intensify, Necramech Vitality, etc) as well as new Mod types specifically for the Necramech (Necramech Thrusters, Necramech Blitz, Necramech Refuel, etc).
*Find the Cortege Blueprint as well as its Components from the Necraloid Syndicate.
*As outlined in a recent Dev Workshop, all new weapons in the update are starting with a minimum Riven disposition of 0.5. This includes the new Archgun weapons, Mausolon and Cortege. Archgun Riven dispositions have not been rebalanced in the past, but they will be included in our quarterly changes going forward, starting with the next Prime Access!
*Each of these species have unique variants
find them all!
See the list of Fish below to learn more about each of the Infested Fish of Deimos and how some Fish only react to certain Residue. Visit the Entrati Syndicate Fishing member within the Necralisk to master the art of Infested Fishing!
Once you have completed the Heart of Deimos Quest, a new vendor will be able to provide you with the Spari Spear, as well as provide a location to turn in Fish for fish parts. The Fish on Deimos are unique creatures, so make sure you have the right equipment!
Duroid
A living fossil hearkening back to the Orokin era, this elusive fish hides below the surface of Exocrine pools in the deepest caverns it can find.
Aquapulmo
These fish were purposefully contaminated with the Infestation as an Entrati 'experiment'. They feed off the organic deposits in cave systems.
Kymaeros
The Infestation has suborned these fish to its own purposes, using them as antibodies to repel the non-Infested. They swim through and above the Exocrine found on Deimos' surface.
Chondricord
A triumph of Orokin bio-engineering, these hardy fish have adapted to the Deimos environment and seem oddly resistant to Infestation. They thrive in cave environments.
Vitreospina
Whatever higher functions this fish once had have been consumed, leaving it a mere automaton of metal and flesh. It ekes out a primitive existence in cave systems.
Barbisteo
As ravenous as the Infestation itself, this fish feeds on the remains of others. It shuns the light, preferring an enclosed cave environment.
Myxostomata
This exceptionally rare breed of fish is almost extinct, as its gilded Orokin flesh has a special savor for predators. It warily conceals itself in caves.
Ostimyr
Crammed with redundant, mutated internal organs, this pungent fish is highly sought after. It only emerges from surface pools in the light of the Wyrm Vome.
Cryptosuctus
Formerly Orokin scavengers, these fish succumbed to the Infestation long ago and now greedily feast on floating spores. They are found all over the surface of Deimos.
Glutinox
These hefty fish are cannibalistic. They rise by Vome's light to absorb rare gases, retreating when Fass ascends to devour their smaller kin in their lairs.
Amniophysi
These fish hatch out of translucent pods formed in the Infested landscape itself. The radiance of Fass stirs them into activity.
Faceted Tiametrite
Common
Purged Dagonic
Common
Purified Heciphron
Uncommon
Stellated Necrathene
Rare
Trapezium Xenorhast
Legendary
Cabochon Embolos
Legendary
Adramal Alloy
Common
Tempered Bapholite
Common
Devolved Namalon
Uncommon
Thaumic Distillate
Rare
The Cambion Drift is a hostile world.
Even though several native species have adapted to surviving amongst the rampant Infestation, they still fall prey to it and its attacks.
The Vulpaphyla and Predasite are no exception and are threatened by its vicious nature.
You can save these Conservation creatures by wrangling them from the wild Infested landscape so that they may be treated at the Necralisk hub.
There, you can assist in the administering of treatment and "Revivificate" them into Companions.
*Please note Infested Companion Imprints will come in another Update.
Here's how it works:
First you must tranq and capture a Vulpaphyla or Presadite in a wounded state (creatures affected will have a certain glow to them after they have been wounded by the Infested). You must encounter these creatures while they are infected and tranq it before it loses its battle with the Infested. The captured Vulpaphyla or Presadite is then transported to the Necralisk.
Without intervention, these creatures are likely to succumb to the Infestation. Return to the Necralisk and speak to the Conversation Vendor to treat them with a mix of Mutagens and Antigens to heal it of its ailments.
Visit the Conservation Vendor and select "Vulpaphyla/Presadite Revivification" to get started in restoring the creature. There are three elements that will bring the creature to a restored state so that they may fight alongside you. The options available in these categories will determine the characteristics of your new Infested Companion:
Mutagens and Antigens can be purchased from the Conservation Vendor in Necralisk.
After you have successfully saved the creature, you have the option to either keep or release it. Keeping the creature will make it available as a trusty Companion, while releasing the creature will put it back into the wild for a Standing gain with the Entrati.
Three new Mod Sets are here! The Saxum, Jugulus, and Carnis Mod Sets can be acquired from the Cambion Drift Bounty Rewards or from respective Infested enemies in the Cambion Drift.
*Acquire the Blueprints and Components for the Trumna from the Entrati Syndicate Weapons member!
*Acquire the Blueprints and Components for the Sepulcrum from the Entrati Syndicate Weapons member!
Customize your Warframe's Abilities at a depth never experienced before in Warframe! Introducing THE HELMINTH.
The Helminth System is an expansion of the Helminth room on your Orbiter
you may only know this room as an infested space that allows you to remove the Helminth Cyst. With the 'Heart of Deimos' Update, that's all changing. The Helminth system enables you to customize your Warframes by infusing new Abilities in place of existing Abilities.
Once you've unlocked The Helminth System, you can fast travel to the Helminth Infirmary under the Equipment pause menu!
Deep Dive:
Once ready, there are 2 key things this System offers:
You can replace 1 Ability per Warframe.
Every Warframe can be Subsumed to permanently provide 1 specific Ability to Helminth.
Infused Abilities are removable with the click of a button
they will stay within a given Warframe as long as you decide you want it!
Subsuming a Warframe is permanent 
only Subsume Warframes you are sure you do not want to play with. You can always re-earn or re-buy a subsumed Warframe.
You can deeply customize by only replacing Abilities on certain Configurations, as seen in the Demo! But we would like to expand this further to demonstrate just how deep you can go.
You can have 1 different Ability infused PER config!
So if you have Excalibur in the chair
you could put Shock on Configuration A, Molt on Configuration B, and Firewalker on Configuration C!
For example, if you wanted Shock applied to Excalibur on Configuration A but wanted Configuration B and Configuration C to stay default with Slash Dash, you can do so!
As you feed and use the Helminth system, you will rank up! Each Rank unlocks something different
from a new power, to more Subsume Slots (max Rank Helminth = unlimited Subsume Slots), make sure you progress through the Ranks by regularly Feeding Helminth, Subsuming, and Infusing your Warframes!
Helminth Provides unique abilities of their own:
"EMPOWER"
"Increase the strength of your next Ability use."
"ENERGY MUNITIONS"
"Increase the efficiency of your Ammo consumption."
"INFESTED MOBILITY"
"Increase your parkour velocity."
"MARKED FOR DEATH"
"Stun an enemy; a portion of the next damage you deal to it will be dealt to all enemies around it."
"REBUILD SHIELDS"
"Instantly restore your shields."
"PERSPICACITY"
"Automatically succeed at your next hack attempt."
"MASTER'S SUMMONS"
"Heal your companion and call it to your side."
"EXPEDITE SUFFERING"
"Affect enemies in a cone, removing any Bleed and Poison status from them and dealing any remaining damage not yet suffered in a single burst."
In addition to Helminth's own Abilities, you can Subsume a Warframe to obtain 1 specific Ability permanently in Helminth's memory (list below). We do not allow the Subsuming of any Prime Warframes, but you can Infuse Abilities on Prime Warframes! Warframes can be Subsumed at any Rank (do not need to be Rank 30).
Infusion is the process of injecting a Warframe with an Ability
whether it be one of Helminth's own, or another Warframes. Every Warframe can receive 1 Infused ability at a time in any Ability slot (i.e you could place Shock on any of the 4 Ability slots).
Subsuming is the act of permanently providing a base Warframe into the Helminth's biology. 1 Warframe can be subsumed every 24 hours.
The following table outlines the current Ability a given Warframe will provide on the Subsume action.
It was apparent in player feedback and our own play testing that these Infused Warframe Abilities had the potential to be the overwhelming choice; which is not ideal. Instead of changing the Ability outright due to those concerns, we decided to give them slight rules when Infused.
For example, if you replace Grendel's '1', your kit doesn't really work! If you change around or re-assign Abilities already assigned to Railjack Tactical use, you simply may not have one, or have a new one in its place! If you put Hildryn's PIllage on Inaros, you don't get Shields, but you do get diminished Armor/Shields on enemies on cast.
It's all up to you
have fun experimenting, Tenno!
Warframes that are Subsumed join the Helminth in an eternal bond. They will live on in a Lotus flower that matches the colours of the Subsumed Warframe, as a permanent honor.
Don't like it? You can rename your Helminth at any time!
Well, you'll find out...
Created by the community in the Community Created Warframe project from theme to aesthetic to Abilities. Xaku's concept art was made by community fan artist Eornheit!
Since XAKU is a community Warframe, we will be doing a concerted second Phase of ability tweaks that is based on feedback on all platforms to ensure there are revisions from the community's experiences. We will discuss this in a Dev Workshop as we get your feedback on our desks!
Similarly to Equinox, a toggle is available in the Arsenal to see Xaku in their "The Vast Untime" form.
*Find the Quassus in the Market or the Blueprint in Entrati Bounties.
Fixed a progression stopping crash in The War Within Quest due to having a Moa Companion equipped.
Fixed inability to properly 'hack the coolant tower' in the final stage of the Vox Solaris Quest when playing in Solo matchmaking.
Fixed a crash when shutting down Warframe while in the Liset Customization screen.
Fixed a nasty hitch that would occur for Clients when streaming to a Free Roam level or warping in your Railjack.
Fixed Resource Drop Chance Boosters not affecting Riven Slivers.
Fixed a performance leak that could result in a crash due to the Terra Manker's weapon FX never getting destroyed.
Fixed Excavators hovering slightly off the ground in one of the Plains of Eidolon cave tiles.
Fixed losing the ability to jump after equipping the Tranq Rifle while in Archwing.
Fixed Steel Path Junction Specters missing their additional Health.
Fixed the Xoris not appearing in your Warframe's hand when performing a Stealth attack if it's not the active/equipped weapon.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you were downed while doing Conservation.
Fixed missing context action when attempting to Wishlist a Market item when using a controller.
Fixed a long-standing problem with Transmissions being gamma incorrect (colors/lighting did not resemble the actual scenes).
Fixed issues where enemies would not attack Gara's Spectorage mirrors.
Fixed UI offset issue in Orb Vallis Case Capture Bounty stages. 
Fixed some tooltips with fixed positions being placed incorrectly when the custom Menu Scale slider is set to something other than 100%. 
Fixed certain Syandanas such as the Paxis Syandana jittering at lower frame rates while in the Liset, Dojos, and Relays.
Fixed The Ballroom Simulacrum Arsenal context action clipping behind the Arsenal. 
Fixed UI lockup that could occur when viewing loadout links from Chat. 
Fixed file path appearing when upgrading Orbiter with the Kavat Incubator Segment. As reported here:
Fixed file path appearing instead of Kuva Lich weapon names when a Lens is equipped to it in the End of Mission screen. 
Fixed Archguns disappearing in the Arsenal if the "Upgrade" option is selected. 
Fixed Chroma and Exaclibur with Chromatic Blade equipped missing the active element icon in the Appearance tab. 
Fixed blank field appearing between "Only Legendary" and "Show all" when filtering by "Rarity" in the Mods window.
Fixed being unable to move, remove, or contribute to the "Natural Vallis Orb" Dojo Decoration once placed. 
Fixed the Vapos Dropship air attacks not happening in many of the Gas City tileset levels.
Fixed certain rocks in the Nightwave Series 3: Episode 4 scene having lines on them.
Fixed the Pool of Life Augment for Trinity no longer dropping Health Orbs on enemies marked by Well of Life. 
Fixed the "Play" button being enabled in the Launcher before it finishes downloading if it's the first time you've launched it.
Fixed tracking hints remaining visible when using Melee weapon to exit the Synthesis Scanner. 
Fixed crash when Host migrating from Conclave missions. 
Fixed being unable to use sliders in Options after swapping between tabs. 
Fixed text extending beyond backdrop in the Booster dropdown list. 
Fixed "Failed to Place Decoration" when attempting to move Dojo Decorations even if the attempted movement has nothing wrong with it. 
Fixed missing doors in Sabotage missions in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed a white box appearing above the Stealth Affinity bonus icon. 
Fixed Chat header icons (Squad, Clan, Alliance etc) becoming stuck on the screen when mousing over them and entering text with the enter key.
Fixed the right Maggor Leg Plate being rotated. 
Fixed delay with text popping up in rollover UI elements. 
Fixed up lighting props so that Gauss' skirt doesn't appear completely unlit in scenes that depend on ambient light. 
Fixed a case of the Vaults in the Derelict (now Deimos) not rewarding Corrupt mods.
Fixed script error when attempting to change the lighting color of the Obstacle Course room in the Dojo. 
Fixed a script error with the Alliance View Permissions screen that caused nothing to be displayed.
Fixed script error resulting in loss of functionality when attempting to rename a Zaw.
Fixed script error related to Revenant's Danse Macabre and the Dual Cestra. 
Fixed script error after host migration in an Excavation mission that could result in the mission not progressing.
Fixed numerous script errors when casting certain Warframe Abilities.
Fixed script error that could occur when doing endless Void Fissure missions. 
Fixed a rare and harmless script error when loading into the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed script error with the Atomos. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when opening the Clan Management screen.

## Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.3
**Date:** 2020-08-13T19:37:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.3:
Reverted some of the new Parazon Revive animations due to Clients becoming stuck Reviving.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that would occur if a Client did not select a Relic in an endless Void Fissure mission before the timer expired.
Fixed a crash that could occur when using Archwing while Mirage's Hall of Mirrors is active.
Fixed a UI lockup that could occur when viewing Mod Links from Chat.
Fixed the Static Reactor Prime Sigil removing details (including Prime details) when equipped on a Warframe.
Fixed a nonfunctional option in the Companion Customization screen.
Fixed potentially stale squad messages being sent and accepted (typically JOIN messages) which resulted in a ping of death.
Fixed shooting the Akjagara/Akjagara Prime while holding an Excavator Power Cell resulting in swapping the weapon with the Power Cell.
Fixed Nora's transmissions not stopping when skipping the Episode intro cinematic.
Fixed more Nightwave Episode 4 text not being localized for some languages. 
Fixed a script error in Orb Vallis after completing a Heist.
Fixed a script error when using ENTER to autocomplete a text suggestion in Settings.

## Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.2
**Date:** 2020-08-13T01:10:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.2:
Removed more unreleased Companions from the Codex.
Added music to the End of Mission screen!
Made some systemic micro-optimizations to the script runtime.

### Fixes
Fixed timer/enemies not spawning in The Deadlock Protocol Quest Granum Void.
Fixed a script error resulting in a loss of functionality when attempting to rename a Zaw.
Fixed a crash when adding a new Camera in Captura. 
Fixed inability to see other players loadouts when hovering over the players Glyph in the End of Mission/Mission Progress screens.
Fixed Nightwave Episode 4 Weave clues not being localized for certain languages.
Fixed the Helminth not having any collision (and apparently a poor dental plan).
Fixed some invalid characters when renaming the Railjack in different languages. 
Fixed the Steel Path Booster Inbox message not including the '3-Day' duration indication.
Fixed the Tutorial having unnecessary Pause Menu options.
Fixed script error that would occur if you hovered over your Heavy Weapon in the Arsenal after entering it as Wukong.
Fixed a script error when renaming Loadouts.
Fixed a script error when firing the Cestra.

## Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.1
**Date:** 2020-08-12T21:05:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Derelict Shift: Hotfix 28.3.1:
Removed some unreleased Heart of Deimos Companions appearing in the Codex.
Some are still present but will be removed in another Hotfix!
Disabled some optimizations that may be causing Warframe to crash in some languages.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that could occur when repairing your download cache.
Fixed UI breaking when attempting to purchase Relics.
Fixed a script error that could occur when doing endless Void Fissure missions, which resulted in the game freezing in the Relic reward screen.
Fixed script error after Host migration in an Excavation mission that could result in the mission not progressing.
Fixed Squad Info HUD script error when it's default to hidden in Settings and is brought up via Hotkey.
Fixed Nav Coordinates not being sellable for 25 Credits.
Fixed the Extraction countdown timer being 3 seconds instead of the normal 10 seconds.
Fixed script error at End of Mission when using Equinox.
Fixed rare and harmless script error when loading into the Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error that could occur when playing the Tutorial.
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Rhino Stomp Ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Nova's Molecular Prime Ability.
Granum Void enemies/timer not appearing.
Renaming/Gilding a weapon is broken.

## Derelict Shift: Update 28.3.0
**Date:** 2020-08-12T18:34:52Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
The Helminth Infirmary has been visually expanded! Make yourself familiar with Helminth before THE HELMINTH launches with the Heart of Deimos. For now you'll still need a Cyst to enter the room so you can simply gaze at the Helminth in awe (read: disgust).
Nav Coordinates can now be sold for 25 Credits and Lephantis Nav Coordinates for 500 Credits.
Next Hotfix will make Nav Coordinates sellable for 25 Credits. As for the Lephantis Nav Coordinates, they were automatically melted for 500 Credits each when you logged in
no need to manually Sell!
Since our Dev Workshops in early 2020, we have made a lot of progress behind the scenes on UI updates and changes. The End-of-Mission re-design is here, and it adheres to feedback we received as well as our own direction to better showcase your Warframes and your squads Warframes!
In general, these UI screens have been updated with fresh looks and will reflect your chosen UI Theme! More changes to come!

### Changes
Derelict Shift: Update 28.3.0:
Added Collapse/Expand buttons (arrow with a +/x inside).
Rewards can be sorted by IMPORTANCE, NAME, or TYPE.
The Rewards section now has a Search bar.
STATS and PROGRESSION can be selected via the bottom right of the screen.
End of Mission screen now includes "Medals"! These are fun stats that highlight unique mission achievements aside from the usual, such as Lockers Opened, Syndicate Medallions Found, and much more! 
More Medals to come as we continue working on these UI screens!
2020-08-12 10-50-10.mp4Unavailable
Resource Drop Chance Boosters now apply to Steel Essence and Riven Sliver drops within Steel Path missions.
To confirm player theories and clarify, previous to this Hotfix Resource Drop Chance Boosters did not affect Steel Essence or Riven Sliver drops in The Steel Path. It was not our intention to hide or subvert that information in game, and we should have clarified more quickly that this was the case.
Saying this doesn't change what appears to be the broader issue, which is concerns with Steel Essence drop rates. We are still gathering data on acquisition rates
but ultimately we are all hands on deck working to make Heart of Deimos the best it can be for August 25th. As of this Hotfix, any Tenno who have already walked The Steel Path will receive a Resource Drop Chance Booster.
This Hotfix ensures that Resource Drop Chance Boosters work within The Steel Path for Riven Slivers and Steel Essence.
They were initially turned off to ensure the inherent Steel Path Resource Drop Chance Booster worked as intended.
Like the initial Arcane Marketplace in Scarlet Spear, we wanted to ensure the automatic '100% Steel Path Resource Drop Chance Booster' didn't unintentionally scale for Resources specific to the Steel Path (Riven Slivers and Steel Essence).
This unfortunately also affected player obtained reward Resource Drop Chance Boosters.
Thank you all for the feedback so far on The Steel Path, it helps to shape our knowledge and decisions moving forward.
Zephyr's Airburst Ability now has 2 behaviours based on if you're HOLDING to cast vs TAP to cast:
Zephyr's Airburst original functionality is now activated by HOLDING to cast.
Generate a burst of massively dense air that explodes on contact and sends enemies flying. Launch Airbursts into Tornadoes to make them grow.
By TAPPING Zephyr's Airburst, it now sucks in enemies instead of pushing them away. 
Increased Airburst projectile speed by 50%.
Increased Airburst casting animation speed by 20%.
Well of Life now passively heals allies in a radius around the target (base 100 Health per second within 8 meters). Shooting the held target gives extra Health to all allies in range (base 1% of damage dealt to the victim) instead of only the person who made the attack.
Well of Life also no longer increases the Health of the target (this was an old solution to prevent other players from killing the target too fast). Instead it now uses a more modern approach similar to Nyx's Mind Control where the Damage gets stored and dealt at the end of the Ability.
Increased the Cold Status Effects from 1 to 6 for these Frost Abilities (which brings it back to pre-Status Changes): 
Freeze (Area of Effect)
Ice Wave (slow) 
Avalanche (slow)
Ivara's Artemis Bow now has 20% Status Chance per projectile. Also slightly tweaked how Status Chance and Multishot are displayed in Arsenal stats.
Made Loki's decoy more visible with darker Energy colors and will now use secondary Energy colors.
Tweaked Mag's Greedy Pull to pull over 0.75 seconds (down from 1.0).
Wukong's Iron Staff now has a 100% Damage block.
All melee weapons are intended to have perfect blocking after Melee 3.0, Wukong's staff just slipped through the cracks.
Warframe Blueprint and Component costs from Simaris have been reduced by 50%!
Operator Amps damage conversion Arcanes now convert to 98% max so they can always deal a bit of Void Damage.
The Defense alarm will now sound at the start of every Wave in Orokin Defense missions.
Added the 'infinite' UI symbol to the Zeniths Secondary Fire Punch Through.
Increased Jackal Grid Wall damage attack but removed its ability to apply a Status Effect.
Added a Parazon spinning Revive animation when Reviving a player with the Parazon equipped.
Improvements towards AI pathing flow in Corpus Ship tilesets.
Removed unintended dirtiness on the Limbo Limina Collection items.
Every squadmate now gets a single Dojo Pigment drop per enemy killed, rather than 1 player getting 1-4 Pigments.
Updated 'Solaris' named Dojo decorations to 'Orb Vallis'.
Made a slight boost to the muzzle flash size to improve visibility on Corinth Prime.
Cleaned up Melee grip FX across all Prime, Syndicate, Prisma, etc. weapons.
Added FX pulses to K-Drive Race points. Also removed a rogue point in one of the Orb Vallis Races.
Cleaned up the Lenz FX.
Made micro-optimizations to some UI screens/systems.
Optimized UI text rendering.
Made a number of micro-optimizations to UI and FX rendering.
Made some micro-optimizations for dual-core systems with simultaneous multi-threading.
Made several micro-optimizations to flash rendering.
Made some micro-optimizations to rope physics.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the script runtime.
Optimized level load-times.

### Fixes
Fixed Projectile Armaments (like Apoc) not gaining the damage bonus from the Hyperstrike Avionic. 
Fixed Valence Fusion failing between Tier 2 Armaments with a "perfect" stat roll and a Tier 3 Armament with a lesser stat roll. 
Fixed Client player able to start a Railjack mission after being invited to the Host's Orbiter.
Fixed the "Kill Asteroid Base Commander" POI on Saturn spawning Kosma enemies instead of Gyre enemies.
Fixed placeholder text appearing while piloting Railjack with the Tactical Menu open.
Fixed Avionics not stacking in the end of mission screen rewards. 
Fixed being able to open the Orbiter Equipment screen when in the Railjack.
Fixed the "Venus Miner" Nightwave Act not tracking for Mining done in Deck 12.
Fixed an issue where the controller trigger buttons would behave incorrectly and become temporarily unresponsive, particularly at higher framerates.
Fixed being unable to go to selected Market items' details page when the dropdown menu is open while using a controller.
Fixed crashing when attempting to spam Specter spawns when in Titania's Razorwing.
Fixed a crash that could occur if you shut the game down while customizing your Liset.
Fixed becoming stuck on the Relic selection screen during an endless Void Fissure mission if a Host migration occurred.
Fixed a game freeze forcing you to reload after opening a Chat linked item in the Void Relic screen, and then opening your Profile.
Fixed pause menu getting stuck in a disabled state when going to the Upgrade screen and Mod screen multiple times via the Upgrade screen's 'Mods' button.
Fixed inability to start any previously unlocked Steel Path nodes if there is an active Quest mission on that node. 
Fixed getting stuck in a falling loop if you fall off of the retractable bridge in the Gas City tileset. 
Fixed numerous issues with broken K-Drive Races for Clients such as an inability to start a Race that the Host just completed, no Score being recorded if both Host/Client does the same Race, and Clients initiating the Host's Race for them when selecting a Race.
Fixed water levels in Cambria, Earth Spy Vault not dropping all the way down below the door if both players hack panels at the same time.
Fixed inability to reload your Primary/Secondary after performing a stealth Melee takedown on a Moa (any variant) while a Primary or Secondary weapon is equipped in hand, due to the Melee weapon attaching to the hand of the Warframe instead of returning to the holster position.
Fixed the Athodai Alt Fire only draining the Magazine down by 24 Ammo (the default) rather than drain the Magazine to 0 as intended when equipped with Magazine capacity increase Mods. 
Fixed ability to teleport Excavators with Nova's Wormhole.
Fixed the Stug's alt-fire doing self-damage. 
Fixed Defense mover objectives (Gulliver on Phobos & Hydron on Sedna) affected by Limbo's Rift continue to take damage regardless of Rift status.
Fixed a location where Drones in the Plains of Eidolon Bounties could get stuck inside a tent. 
Fixed Diriga and NPCs not shooting Sapping Osprey mines (they will prioritize enemies first though).
Fixed the Veratria Blade and Whip skin affecting the reliability of heavy attacks. 
Fixed some Disruption Conduit effects not triggering in Corpus Ship Disruption missions.
Fixed standing dead-center underneath Jackal's Grid Wall resulting in only dealing initial damage and never ticking again. As reported here.
Fixed Scanner becoming unequipped when Transferring in/out of the Operator. 
Fixed Treasurers teleporting out of the Simulacrum when spawned as 'Unpaused'. 
Fixed inability to use your Secondary after aiming down sights of the Kuva Quartakk and swapping to their Secondary.
Fixed Slide Kicking/Bullet Jumping a knocked down enemy resulting in multiple hits.
Fixed a small time window after Protea's dodge where you were unable to cast Abilities.
Fixed Protea not using her special dodge forward/left anims when using a Whip.
Fixed Protea's Shield Satellites orbiting at the feet of AI.
Fixed other players being able to see Protea's Blaze Artillery hit counter. 
Fixed Mirage Hall of Mirror clones not copying certain animations (Ability casts, Emotes, etc).
Fixed Trinity's Well of Life and Energy Vampire ignoring chosen Energy color.
Fixed issues with the Inaros Prime Skin causing the Inaros Helmets to deform.
Fixed missing FXs in the Sacrifice Vitruvian screens.
Fixed ability to escape the Corpus Ship Bridge Captura Scene by using Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed the Akjagara having both the right-handed version of the Pistol, instead of the intended left & right handed versions that play into the custom reload animation.
Fixed arrows being misplaced when equipping the Dryad Bow Skin on the Kuva Bramma.
Fixed some two-handed Melee weapons (i.e. Hammer Zaw (Rabvee), Heavy Blade Zaw (Dokrahm), Kuva Shildeg) sticking to your hand no matter what you're doing.
Fixed random bits of metal appearing when Khora Urushu's custom Whip animation plays, as well as the Whip appearing bigger than intended. 
Fixed parts of the Khora Urushu Skin disappearing if Venari is missing (Dead, in a Relay, etc).
Fixed the Nunchaku idle animation not canceling when interrupting it by moving.
Fixed Reload animations that were started during jump animations and ending in a ground animation (e.g. idle) results in the hand being in the incorrect spot for the remainder of the animation (most apparent with weapons with big, removable cartridges like the Attica). 
Fixed Specific Weapons (E.g. Any variant of Braton or Viper) not playing their Reload animation during any Jump state (E.g. Double/Bullet Jump, Wall Run/Jump).
Fixed the Gunsen not holstering properly.
Fixed Warframe Mod capacity percentage bar not showing the correct drain when a Universal Aura Slot is equipped with an Aura Mod.
Fixed Jackal assassinations not counting in the 'Corpus Boss Kill' profile stat. 
Fixed the Titania Mab Helmet (+ Blueprint) using the Titania Aurai Helmet icon in the Inventory or Market.
Fixed switching back and forth between Melee weapon and Exalted Melee weapon causing the Arsenal stats to stack indefinitely.
Fixed kills with the Battacor's Alt Fire contributing towards its charges.
Fixed some Ephemera FX lingering when viewing Market screens.
Fixed the 'DEFAULT COLORS' Appearance option becoming hidden by the Chat window due to the 'TOGGLE PRIME DETAILS' option. 
Fixed Consumables without a description showing the description of the previous item in the Gear Wheel.
Fixed single-handed Secondaries appearing to be dual-wielding while in Archwing after using Archwing Launcher. 
Fixed an issue where sprinting with an Arch Gun after firing could have the player sprinting sideways or backwards.
Fixed visual pop when transitioning from a non-free-cam cinematic to a free-cam cinematic.
Fixed enemies in Dropships not counting towards the number of living enemies until they dropped down, causing some spawning counting issues.
Fixed audio desyncs when pausing during a Transmission when set to Solo Matchmaking.
Fixed unnecessary death sound on Tusk Eximus units.
Fixed overlapping UI in the Star Chart when hovering over nodes.
Fixed Vapos enemies and several items introduced in the Gas City remaster missing from the Codex, even though they were shown as scannable. The following will now appear in your Codex:
Biogas Barrel
Helium Barrel
Cable 
Vector Shield
Vapos Detron Ranger
Vapos Sniper Ranger
Vapos Tech Ranger
Vapos Nullfier Ranger
Distressed Pipes
Fixed a script error that could occur when starting a mission from the Star Chart.
Fixed script error you could encounter when returning to Dry Dock from Railjack mission.
Potential fix for ultra-rare script error that could occur when losing your K-Drive above a teleport volume with perfect timing.
Fixed regular mission objective markers appearing in the Granum Void.
Fixed some script errors related to The Steel Path.

## The Steel Path: Inaros Prime 28.2.1
**Date:** 2020-08-01T13:58:08Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Alongside some actual Fixes, this Hotfix is to set up the arrival of the TennoLive 2020 Relay for all Tenno!
Made some micro--optimizations to rendering performance.
Made some micro-optimizations to Nidus maggots.
Fixed PC controllers not properly reflecting the active controller connections.
This mostly affects systems that had virtual controllers (when using middleware to connect DualShock or other controllers without native Windows support) or controllers that were unplugged/turned off after Windows had already assigned them to a controller slot.
Previously, only the controller in the first slot was able to control the game, but now the game will now update dynamically to allow the first active controller to control the game.
Fixed inability to place the first Komi stone during The Sacrifice Quest due to odd bindings.
Fixed inability to access Navigation during Vor's Prize Quest if you went to a Relay before returning to your Orbiter to access Navigation.
Fixed a crash that could occur due to shadows with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed incorrect Riven Dispositions for Panthera Prime and Karyst Prime.
They are both at the correct Riven Disposition of 0.5.
Fixed The Profit-Taker
Phase 3 Meso I1 Relic reward not being Radiant.
Fixed an issue where Defense Targets on moving platforms would not move with the platform if a Host migration occurred while it was not in the default position.
Fixed Pax Bolt/Seeker not triggering on equipped Primary Kitguns.
Fixed MOA Blast Shield Precept activating even if enemies are not in combat.
Fixed inability to Melee block with your Exalted weapon until the normal weapon's combo times out.
Fixed being able to get into a bad state if you attempt to open the pause menu after hovering over the Heavy Weapon in the Vehicle tab in the Arsenal.
Fixed cases of an inability to initiate a random Pet Incubation. As reported here.
Fixed the Avia Prime Armor Set not sitting properly on Khora's Urushu Skin.
Fixed incorrect geometry in the Earth Grineer Forest Interception tileset.
Fixed missing collision in a Corpus Ship Spy vault tile that resulted in falling through the floor out of the level. As reported here.
Fixed inability to shoot through some laser grids in the Corpus Ship Shy vault tiles.
Fixed cases of propaganda logos being upside down in parts of the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixes and improvements to AI pathing and objective markers in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed not being able to open the pause menu after setting up a trade shop in Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed incorrect mesh on the Mimica Shawzin.
Fixed the Kuva Ayanga missing its handle animations.
Fixed Stropha Blade icon being represented as a Prime part in the Inventory.
Fixed your Warframe becoming hidden after swapping back and forth from normal Star Chart to Railjack Star Chart.
Fixed a script error that could occur when changing poses of a Khora Articula.
Fixed a script error when casting Nekros' Shadows Of The Dead ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Atlas' Petrify ability.
Fixed some cases of 'START ELEVATOR' not being translated.
Fixed Arbitration Drones spawning in the Granum Void.
Fixed Lotus VO appearing in the Deadlock Protocol Quest when it shouldn't. 
Fixed a level error on Jupiter's Gas City.

## The Steel Path: Inaros Prime 28.2.0 + 28.2.0.1
**Date:** 2020-07-14T18:01:09Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Steel Path: Inaros Prime 28.2.0:
Invoke the wrath of the desert sand with Inaros Prime! Inaros Prime leaves their ancient resting place to arrive with the brutal Panthera Prime, elegant Karyst Prime and much more.
Chroma Prime, Gram Prime, and Rubico Prime have entered the Vault!
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
The Trio Orbit Ephemera and Crania Ephemera have been added to Teshin's Honors as new Steel Path rewards.
These new Ephemeras are available for a Steel Essence price respective to their prestige. The Crania Ephemera is for the truly worthy and those who have shown no fear on the Steel Path.
Ephems.mp4Unavailable
Adjusted the positioning of the cloth dangles on the Khora Urushu Helmet to better match the original design.
Khora's Whipclaw whip will now use the Khora Urushu whip design.
Fixed Venari's tail remaining default when equipping the Maculatia Venari Skin in the Arsenal.
Made a micro-optimization to a core math routine.
Made some micro-optimizations to rendering performance.
Increased the size of the Shedu explosion FX to better visually represent its radius.

### Fixes
Fixed not retaining Kuva Lich mission progress if you Parazon stabbed your Lich during a connection loss. 
Fixed many Junction Specters having Health/Shield/Armour overrides, which gave them dramatically lower Health (eg: This changes Mag Specter's base Health from 75->1800). They should now match the listed values in the Codex.
Fixed Heavy Weapons not having correct animations when sliding and firing.
Fixed an issue with protective measures in The Steel Path mode being unoptimized (any accounts impacted have been cleared for Trading).
Fixed a bug that could cause broken Hijack HUD elements when joining a mission in progress on a slow network.
Fixed a bug that could cause broken Fomorian Assault HUD elements when joining a mission in progress on a slow network.
Fixed hearing Client Wukong Iron Staff FX sounds when the Wukong is far enough that you shouldn't hear it.
Fixed a script error when spawning a Specter.
Fixed Meso K3 Uncommon tier rewarding 'Wukong Prime Chassis' instead of the intentional 'Wukong Prime Chassis Blueprint'.
Fixed a crash that could occur for the new Host of an Archwing mission due to prior Host migration if they had the Dark Split-Sword equipped.
Fixed up numerous crashes that could occur when joining a Hive mission in progress.
Fixed the Inaros Prime Accessories tile description on hover in the Market including Platinum. 
This is description text from the Console localization, as they have a separate Accessories bundle. 
Fixed script errors when joining-in-progress on a Hive Sabotage mission.

## The Steel Path: Hotfix 28.1.1
**Date:** 2020-07-09T19:48:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Steel Path: Update 28.1.0
**Date:** 2020-07-08T20:09:20Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Steel Path: Update 28.1.0:
By accessing the Steel Path Honors, you can exchange your Steel Essence for the following rewards:
THE BISHAMO ARMOR SET: Uphold the elite warrior tradition of Teshin and the Dax in the Bishamo Armor Set. This Orokin-designed collection includes a Helmet, Cuirass, Pauldrons, Greaves, and apparel. Earn the Blueprints by trading Steel Essence from The Steel Path Honors.
Kuva x 10,000
Random Relic Pack (3 Random Relics) 
Stance Forma Blueprint
this Forma type was introduced in Operation: Scarlet Spear. In the interest of having it more widely available, we are adding it to the Steel Path! This Forma allows for an added touch of flexibility in Melee weapons for those who seek it out!
Ash Bladestorm
Atlas Landslide
Baruuk Serene Storm
Excalibur Exalted Blade
Gara Shattered Lash
Khora Whipclaw
Valkyr Talons
Wukong Iron Staff
The full breakdown can be read here.
Golden Hand Shrines will no longer be accessible in Invasion missions if you don't side with the Corpus.
This also fixes Golden Hand Shrines consuming a Granum Crown but not opening the Granum Void if you were sided with a Faction other than Corpus.
NPC's spawned within or brought into Granum Void (Beacon summoned Assassins, Rescue Targets, etc) will now be teleported back to the Corpus Ship alongside you when the timer expires.
This also fixes NPCs spawned in Granum Void resulting in a teleportation ping-pong between the Corpus Ship and Granum Void upon the Granum Void timer running out.
A Revive Tower will now be spawned beside the Golden Hand Shrine if a player goes down within the Granum Void in a Corpus Ship Arbitration mission.
This fixes missing Revive Towers upon exiting the Granum Void and Resurgence Tokens still spawning, resulting in imposing the stacking Resurgence Burden debuff for the rest of the mission unless the "lost" player leaves.
Fixed ability to go over the Void Traces cap from Granum Void rewards.
To help prevent accidental Kuva Lich generation from quick tapping the Mercy action, you must now 'Hold X' to perform a Mercy on a Kuva Larvling.
Added a strength slider to the Color Blind Compensation filters.
The Relay 'CONCLAVE' Fast Travel option has been changed to say 'TESHIN' as this option now serves a new role with The Steel Path. This will also now place you in front of the Conclave station instead of in the Conclave screen.
Beacons are now disabled in Junctions.
This is a solo fight to show off those skills! 
The Star Chart Quest FX indicator will now still appear when you are zoomed out. 
Visibility improvements towards the Jackal's stomp ability FX.
Removed the ability to open up the main menu with a controller when using Navigation or browsing Ayatan Treasures (could result in a loss of functionality).
Made manually-triggered Cache Optimize passes run before downloading new content so if you're low on space you can try to reclaim space first.
Improved handling of certain types of network problems when getting content updates.
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the script system.
Made several micro-optimizations to the log subsystem.
Made systemic optimizations to game startup time.
Made a micro-optimization to in-game stats rendering.
Made some micro-optimizations to rendering performance.
Fixed error handling for MSI builds so that failure is detected sooner.
Potential fix for Warframe disconnecting on the loading screen on Intel HD3000 cards.

### Fixes
Fixed Maxima and Hull Weave Avionics missing from respective Earth Proxima and Veil Proxima enemies.
Fixed the Archwing Slingshot breaking after the first use if it was used to board a Crewship.
Fixed spawning thousands of meters away from your Railjack if you Transfer back into your Warframe after launching a Railjack mission as the Operator.
Fixed getting stuck in Orbiter/Railjack walls when entering the Arsenal as the Operator.
Fixed viewing Railjack Components/Armaments and switching tabs after making a selection not properly deselecting the selected item, resulting in the Valence Fusion and Scrap buttons disappearing.
Fixed the Avionics screen showing the incorrect callout for "remove" when using a controller. 
Fixed right-D-pad equipping Omni-tool (or doing nothing in regular Archwing missions) instead of cycling to the next Warframe/Archwing ability.
Fixed not receiving progress for the 'Ascendant' Nightwave Act upon completing the Agility Test on Lua.
Fixed not being able to complete 'Just Visiting' Nightwave Act by visiting a Featured Dojo higher than Ghost.
Fixed Clients becoming stuck riding the Ropalolyst if two Client players attempt to ride it simultaneously.
Potential fix towards the Host being able to interrupt a Client mounting the Ropalolyst, resulting in a crash.
Fixed players not animating properly when landing on the central platform after crashing the Ropalolyst into one of the towers.
Fixed the Ropalolyst cutscene intro not playing for Clients.
Fixed Client players teleporting forward in the Ropalolyst cutscene.
Fixes towards misaligned mounting animations when rolling before mounting the Ropalolyst. 
Fixed a script error that resulted in infinitely falling/respawning when falling into a teleport volume as the Operator during the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed potential script errors caused by using the central laser in the Ropaloylst fight.
Fixed Protea losing her Temporal Anchor actions during rewind if during the ability she walked through Volt's Electric Shield. 
Fixed Protea's Blaze Artillery not targeting enemies in Mag's Magnetize bubble if Mag is Modded to have a high Power Strength.
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Protea died or left the squad with a Grenade Fan active on an ally.
Fixed a crash upon viewing Vay Hek's Codex entry. Did you really believe it would be this easy?!
Fixed some rare Host migration issues where you would sometimes after migration join a session you didn't expect (hosted by someone who used to be connected to your host, but has left long time ago... mostly possible in Open Zone missions).
Fixed broken Defense objectives in Corpus Ship missions after a Treasurer spawns and the squad migrates.
Fixed Vomvalysts appearing to move slower than usual.
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow sometimes firing the previously selected Quiver type instead of the one currently selected. 
Fixed Octavia's Resonator spamming 0 Damage numbers in between doing charm Damage.
Fixed Enemies that are converted by Revenant's Enthrall energy pillar not appearing to have the Enthralled visuals around their head despite being friendly/affected.
Fixed a few more cases where Titania could clip through the floor in Razorwing.
Fixed the 'Relentless Combination' Mod not building Melee Combo from Slash Status Effects.
Fixed Pax Seeker and Pax Bolt being able to be activated by weapons/abilities other than the Kitgun it's installed on (sometimes resulting in a script error).
Fixed Kuva Guardians remaining vulnerable and not firing their Twin Roggas after picking up their Kesheg.
Fixed Fishing Bait not functioning in some Orb Vallis caves.
Fixed Pets facing backwards when interacting with the Incubator.
Fixed Pets using the wrong skeleton and appearing mutated when swapping to a loadout of a different Pet (Kubrow vs Kavat) before claiming your Incubated Pet when using a controller.
Fixed being able to interact with Pets that haven't yet been named/claimed which could cause a functionality loss.
Fixed flickering/invisible issues with Pets when accessing an Arsenal outside the Orbiter (Cetus, Captura, etc).
Fixed Incubated/unnamed Pets showing up in your Inventory as an unnamed level 0 Kubrow.
Fixed Excavation Rewards not displaying in the 'Mission Progress' screen.
Fixed enemies in the Corpus Ship Defense tileset sometimes getting stuck on door frames.
Fixed enemies sometimes not responding properly due to a visual block by pickups.
Fixed flinging yourself halfway across an Open Zone (Plains/Vallis) by using a Melee Heavy Slam Attack on an elevated surface.
Fixed cases of using a Grustrag Three Beacon to escape a mission prematurely and it counting towards Star Chart progression.
Fixed ability to teleport to old Operator positions when exiting Transference and using the /unstuck command.
Fixed the 30 second warning Transmission from the Lotus not playing in Arbitration Survival missions.
Fixed Orbiter 'Scene' Decorations reverting after logging out/back in. As reported here.
Fixed not being able to see unowned Bundle-only fur patterns for Kubrows/Kavats in the Arsenal item grid when selecting a pattern.
Fixed a potential issue with the latest Windows 10 update that may cause incorrect audio panning (resulting in sounds being perceived as coming from the left when they should be on the right).
Fixed the Star Chart UI breaking when selecting an Invasion mission from the WSW with the Railjack Star Chart open.
Fixed setting the 'Master Volume' slider between 1-4 resulting in no volume.
Fixed the Prisma Lotus Sigil not having its two-toned style.
Fixed the Vetala Armor not attaching properly to the Trinity Strega Skin.
Fixed Platinum Coupon UI text overlapping.
Fixed Valkyr's Bastet Helmet to make certain metal areas the proper untintable dark that matches the rest of the Helmet. It still won't be tintable but it should now match the correct color channel. As reported here.
Fixed the Decoration Mode 'AIM TO MOVE' text string not being properly localized in the German game client.
Fixed movement sound looping for Titania Prime.
Fixed some audio timing issues with Liset fly-in cinematics.
Fixed seeing "previous kick still in progress" for Clan or Alliance Chat moderation.
Fixed a script error when your Sentinel attempts to Revive you. 
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Kuva Guardian leapt at a target that died (or toggled back to Warframe) while in mid-air.
Fixed a script error when casting Saryn's Toxic Lash ability.
Fixed a script error related to hacking an Eidolon Lure.
Fixed a script error when Vay Hek attempts to zap you.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.7
**Date:** 2020-06-25T15:43:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.7:
Tweaks to improve distinction between very saturated colors when Color Blind Compensation is enabled.
It's worth noting here that our Color Blind Compensation approach is far from perfect and feedback will vary accordingly. We will continue to investigate larger scope accessibility issues!

### Fixes
Fixes towards an ability to multiply Nightwave Standing gained by repeatedly going in and out of Fortuna. 
Fixed a case of Protea's Blaze Artillery not damaging ragdolled enemies.
Fixed Eidolon Bush Decoration description using 'bare' instead of 'bear'.
Fixed a script error if your Djinn's Reawaken Precept activated while you were in Operator mode.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.6 + 28.0.6.1
**Date:** 2020-06-24T18:00:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.6:
The issue we found was Warframe thinking you have alt+tabbed off the screen, thus instantly losing focus.
This setting will allow you to pick between the following options:
Increased Protea's sprint speed to 1.2.
Removed the increased animation speed for Protea's custom Roll animation to bring it back to what was originally showcased.
Slightly increased the impulse of Protea's custom Roll when moving forward.
Increased Duration of both Offensive and Defensive grenades by 3 seconds.
Increased Range of both Offensive and Defensive grenades at max rank from 4 to 5 meters.
For Shield Satellite, this applies to the grenade pickup Range.
Increased Shield Satellite grenade count from 3 to 4 to accommodate max Squad sizes.
Increased visibility FX on available Shield Satellite grenades to aid in differentiating between the two grenades.
Doubled the Damage of the Shrapnel Vortex grenade.
Fixed Protea's Grenade Fan/ Shield Satellites appearing giant while using Archwing.
Our goal here is to improve efficacy, usability, and logic of Grenade Fan!
Increased Duration of Blaze Artillery by 1 second, and doubled the Damage multiplier to compete against higher level enemies. Duration will now show in Arsenal stats instead of the maximum number of shots.
Protea's Blaze Artillery will now shoot through Volt's Shield, but won't benefit from its buffs.
Fixed Protea's Blaze Artillery not targeting ragdolled enemies.
Our goal here is to keep the spirit of the rapid fire Artillery alive, with just a bit more punch. We will monitor for feedback after this change as well.
Protea's Dispensary location is now displayed on the minimap in the form of the Ability icon.
Similar to Wisp's Reservoirs!
Protea is now invulnerable for the first 3 seconds of Temporal Anchor (i.e on cast, to prevent casting animation deaths).
Added a warning sound when there is 1.5 seconds left before Temporal Anchor ability ends.
Fixed Temporal Anchor not removing/preventing Status Effects during the rewind.
This invulnerability window is an important add based on all the ways players have used Temporal Anchor thus far
that key survivability reaction should include invulnerability.
Reveal hidden contents

More Lotus VO has been added to the Granum Void upon intro, success, partial/fail.
A waypoint marker will now dynamically appear for the nearest Golden Hand Shrine when the Granum Void opens to help players find them.
Fixed 'Abilities In Use' persisting after entering the portal to the Granum Void. 
Fixed Xoris charges not depleting for Clients in Granum Void if the Host is absent.
Shield Gating now applies to Companions the same way it does to Warframes!
Blocks 100% of Damage for 1000ms on first break, reduced to 300ms if Shields break again without fully recharging.
Protea's Blueprint has been added to Simaris' Offerings for players who have completed The Deadlock Protocol Quest and unintentionally sold Protea.
Let it be known that the Xoris Blueprint/Parts are also available here for players who have completed The Deadlock Protocol Quest and unintentionally sold the Xoris.
The Friend 'Batch Remove' feature minimum has been changed to '1 week' to allow for more list purging.
Doubled the Decoration Capacity for the "Open Space" Dojo room, from 800 to 1600 (for comparison the Inspiration Hall is 1400).
Updated a few occurrences of "Resist a Damage effect" to more accurate "Resist a Status effect" for some descriptions of Arcanes.
Platinum bonuses given from Referral links are now non tradable/non giftable, similar to Platinum that you don't purchase (win on a Livestream, etc).
Made a micro-optimization to RAM footprint.
Increased Stropha projectile lifetime from .12 to .14.
Fixed Stropha Heavy Attack not increasing in Damage from Melee Combo stacks.
Fixed the Stropha shot not gaining Combo hits against a ragdolling enemy.
Fixed Condition Overload not affecting its shots.
Removed numerous door Lasers within the Corpus Ship tileset. Only connecting tile doors will have Lasers.
Fixed a rare case of having no objective during an Invasion Rescue mission in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed the Golden Hand Shrine sometimes not spawning in the Jackal and Razorback boss missions. As reported here.
Fixed Solaris prisoners being invisible, but still freeable, if you aligned with Grineer on an Invasion mission that generates a Corpus Ship tile.
Fixed some Corpus Ship doors not opening until you're practically at the door, resulting in faceplanting. They'll now open when you're a few meters away.
Fixes towards an inability to get through side doors in the Corpus Ship Spy tileset if you're going back through the alternate direction of where you came in.
Fixed a lack of emissives when Lockers are open.
Fixed Locker emissive turning green instead of teal when a Locker is opened with the Thief's Wit Mod.
Fixed Treasurers dropping a 'Granum Crown Cache' when killed inside of Limbo's Cataclysm, instead of the intended Granum Crown.
Fixed Rescue/Spy Vault door lasers not matching the intensity of doors throughout the Corpus Ship.
Numerous fixes towards missing collision throughout the Corpus Ship tileset.
Numerous fixes towards poor lighting and AI pathfinding in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Pets & Sentinels no longer take damage from Jackal's Grid Wall attack. 
Fixed Clients sometimes being left in the first stage Jackal arena if you died/Revived before the second stage.
Fixes towards spamming the Parazon Finisher for the Jackal as a Client breaking the Finisher animation.

### Fixes
Fixed cases of Cephalite Fissures not spawning in numerous eligible missions.
This was most commonly seen in Plains/Vallis or key-required missions, but was possible elsewhere as well.
Fixed Cephalite Resonance not being shared between squadmates in Railjack if the player who collected the Resonance was at the 20 cap.
Fixed the Explorer Nightwave Act text not updating progress by always saying 'Complete 3 Railjack Missions'.
Fixed a crash that could occur when exiting Warframe while on the Void Fissure Relic selection screen with 1 second left on the timer.
Fixed a number of different ways you could crash the launcher by having the Settings panel open when the Optimize prompt came up in the background.
Fixed the launcher 'PLAY' button disappearing when changing languages.
Fixed Shield-Gating not functioning properly after Reviving when becoming downed.
Fixed ability to keep your Melee Combo for Gunblade Heavy Attacks by timing a Transference activation at the right time. Gunblade Heavy Attacks will now expel Melee Combo as intended.
Fixed Arsenal not listing Gunblades stats for their projectile behavior. 
Fixed Condition Overload not affecting the damage of a thrown Glaive.
Fixed Saryn's Contagion Clouds becoming hostile to players if you die and Revive.
Fixed Pets using the wrong skeleton and appearing mutated when swapping to a loadout of a different Pet (Kubrow vs Kavat) before claiming your Incubated Pet.
Fixed Vasca Kavat babies having broken textures when previewing in the Arsenal.
Fixed Pets spazzing out for one frame when swapping Companions in Arsenal.
Fixed the camera needlessly moving back and forth between Sentinel/Pet positions when swapping Companions in Arsenal.
Fixed receiving a weird error when attempting to equip a Pet while another one is being Imprinted.
You'll now receive a less confusing error message indicating "Cannot switch to a new Pet while imprinting".
Fixed Arcane Bodyguard not healing Venari.
Fixed Precision Strike buff granting buffs to explosive Secondary weapons (Kuva Seer, Tombfinger Secondary, etc).
Fixed Dizzying Rounds leaving an enemy open to Melee Finishers forever (now closed to Finishers after the Finisher is performed).
Fixed Atlas 'Rubble Heap' Augment for Client players insisting that you needed energy to cast Landslide even though it was free.
Fixed your Moa Companion not gaining weapon Affinity if Hard Engage was the last thing the moa activated before extracting from the mission.
Fixed Djinn automatically Reviving after exiting Titania's Razorwing if Reawaken is equipped.
Fixed the Xoris infinite Combo Counter UI not reflecting when there is -100% Combo Duration equipped.
The Combo Counter UI will now display '0' when appropriate
otherwise it will say infinite. 
Fixed clicking Dojo when in the Liset from the Railjack Star Chart not functioning. 
Fixed an issue in the Grineer's genetic code where dying while frozen resulted in their face floating a meter away from their head.
Fixed Mag's "Magnetize" ability displaying the chosen Energy primary/secondary colors differently depending on what rank Magnetize is.
Fixed Status Effects on the Melee weapons of Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones not disappearing when you stare through her body, as they are supposed to.
Fixed saving the default Mandachord song to your customization causing it to reset back to what it was previously the next time you return to the Orbiter.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet ability causing many audio issues for Clients.
More fixes towards various missing audio/visual effects for the Javlok's throw attack explosions.
Fixed the 'Bloom' setting slider not being available when enabling the setting.
Fixed Helminth Cyst being on the wrong side of Protea's neck. 
Fixed the Shi Shoulder Plate not appearing on Mag Prime when equipped on the left shoulder.
Fixed Corrosive having no tooltip on hover in the Arsenal. 
Fixed switching from 'Incomplete' tab to 'Riven' tab in the Foundry resulting in non-existent Mods showing at the end of your Riven list. 
Fixed "waiting for other players 1/1" message displaying in Solo mode Transferring in/out of Operator mode when at the mission objective.
Fixed opening any kind of Chat link while on the Railjack Configure screen causing UI overlaps. 
Fixed Prisma Veritux being hidden within your Profile Equipment list until at least 1 XP is gained. 
Fixed Lotus VO indicating an 'Assassination Target' when a Lynx is spawned in a Grineer Galleon Spy mission.
Fixed incorrect Corinth Prime reload sounds if the Solstice Skin is equipped. 
Fixed a script error when accessing the Arsenal while standing near the Helminth Infirmary.
Fixed a script error when casting Chroma's Effigy ability.
We have retired some older (2008) 8-Bit rendering technology with this latest Hotfix, mostly because it provided little in regards to performance increases, but added a lot of detriment. This means that using Autoexposure and HDR settings are the way forward from now on.
Fixed a crash that could occur when viewing the 'Incomplete' tab of the Mod Station, and then attempting to change the Sorting method.
Fixed a script error when casting Protea's Grenade Fan.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.5
**Date:** 2020-06-17T18:01:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.4
**Date:** 2020-06-12T21:36:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.4:
Added Lotus VO when a Granum Crown has been used in a Golden Hand Tribute.

### Fixes
Fixed Critical Hits not triggering for Glaive mid-air detonations.
Fixed the Dessicata Syandana appearing to float away from Nova, Saryn, and Titania.
Fixed a script error when initiating the Granum Void portal.
Fixed script error when Kubrow "Neutralize" Precept is used against targets that can't be disarmed via the "rip their limbs off" method.
Fixed a script error when trying to mature a Pet while not having a currently active Pet.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.3
**Date:** 2020-06-12T20:10:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.3:
Reveal hidden contents

Increased Granum Void kill requirements as players join. Each new player will increase the kills required for each Rank by 25:
1 player: 25, 50, 75
2 players: 50, 75, 100
3 players: 75, 100, 125
4 players: 100, 125, 150
The Granum Void is intended to be a challenge worth taking. It can be tough for a Solo player, but considerably easier with a squad. These changes aim to provide a little more even level of challenge across the board.
You'll now have temporary damage immunity upon returning to the Copus Ship from Granum Void. 
Fixed a script error after returning to the Corpus Ship from the Granum Void after a Host migration.
Fixed a script error when returning to the Corpus Ship from Granum Void after recently Reviving.
Fixed a script error when entering the Granum Void.
Granum Crowns dropped by Treasurers are now exempt from 'loot Abilities'.
The Treasurer will drop 1 Granum Crown per player as intended.
If the Treasurer is within 35 meters of Extraction, he will now turn away and run to the nearest Golden Hand Tribute to avoid dying in the Extraction zone. If by chance a Granum Crown is dropped too close to the Extraction zone, they will now be teleported to a safe place. This addresses reports such as:
Fixed Granum Crown waypoints not extending past its zone.
We have added respective letter clues to the Episode 2 ID Badge. This is also reflected for the clue in the Weave.
Feedback showed that the ID Badge was hard to distinguish for many players, including our color-blind Tenno.
The Chat window will now be hidden during Nightwave Episode Crime Scene cinematics.
Fixed a functionality loss that could occur when falling off the final platform in the Weave.
Optimized UI thread validation and improved coverage.
Terminal Velocity can now be used with Primary Tombfinger Kitguns.
Tweaked the Credit acquisition FX upon using a Granum Crown at the Temple Relief after your last Tenant Lore reward. The Temple Relief will now show the last Tenant Lore entry when you have collected all of them and are receiving Credits instead of new lore.
For maximum knowledge, the Temple Relief will award Credits (respective of the Tier of Crown) if you've collected all Tenant Lore entries.
We're aware of a bug where Clients do not get these Credit rewards.
Transmissions and Chat will now be hidden when watching Quest intro cinematics in the Codex.
Bumped deadzone for controller analog sticks back to 20% (was changed to 15% in the last Update) as a result of reports from players whose controllers seemed to drift within that margin of difference. 
A Profile setting will be added before it gets lowered again.
Removed unreleased Khora Deluxe Animation Sets from the Arsenal. Soon, Tenno!
Removed the unintended Riven Sliver drop from the Jackal when it is below Level 41. We have, however, kept the Riven Sliver drop if the Jackal is above Level 41 (Sortie).
Fixes towards Clients sometimes being left in the first stage Jackal arena if you died/Revived before the second stage.
Fixed the Parazon Jackal Finisher not working if you Revived after he landed into his stun, were using an Exalted weapon, or Transferred to the Operator.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that could occur when loading into a mission.
Fixed crash when using Protea's Temporal Anchor Ability. .
Fixed Sentient Cores not dropping from Sentients
Fixed inability for Clients to spend a Granum Crown at a Golden Hand Tribute if the Host had already used that exact Tribute with the same tier of Granum Crown.
Fixed Primary Kitguns crafted with the Gaze Chamber having very slow Ammo recharge rate when upgraded with max rank Pax Charge.
Fixed Protea's Grenade Fan having a higher base Duration on Rank 1 and 2. The base Durations are now all a consistent 10s.
Fixed Protea's Temporal Anchor path getting reset after throwing the Xoris.
Fixed Mods that give base Damage (e.g. Pressure Point) not applying to Atlas' Landslide.
Fixed the Helstrum dealing self-damage to the Companion that it is equipped on.
Fixed the Battacor having unlimited usage of Alt Fire.
Fixed some issues with the Operator being destroyed when transitioning between regions in Railjack. 
Fixed Nezha's Jinza Helmet textures appearing very grimy.
Fixed UI backer on Mastery Rank test complete screens being offset for non 16:9 aspect ratios.
Fixed some overly aggressive lens flares in some tiles in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed a case where the Squad overlay would become unresponsive if you failed to join a Host from the Star Chart UI.
Fixed a script error when attempting to 'Repeat Last Mission' but that mission is so longer eligible (Sortie, etc).
Fixed a script error when the Treasurer cloaks himself in invisibility. 
Fixed a script error when casting Protea's Grenade Fan Ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Razorwing Ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Mag's Magnetize Ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Hildryn's Balefire Ability.
Fixed a PH; Controller Cursor in menu options.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.2
**Date:** 2020-06-12T00:17:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.2:
Granum Void enemies during the final mission of The Deadlock Protocol Quest will now drop Ammo and Energy.
Removed the ability to skip transition cinematic in the Jackal Arena fight due to resulting in many broken states.
Slightly increased the radius range of Corpus Security Cameras in the Corpus Ship as many cameras are now too far away from doors to actually affect them.

### Fixes
Fixed the Jackal getting stuck in midair while doing its 'UFO' attack, resulting in an inability to progress in the fight. If you still see this, let us know. 
Fixed a crash when attempting to skip the Jackal 2nd phase cut scene after a Host migration had occurred. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when quickly selecting and previewing Companions while not having any Companions previously roaming the ship.
Fixed a crash that could occur during a Bounty. 
Fixed entering the Granum Void with upwards velocity resulting in flying through the sky into a void-out zone that sends you back to the Corpus Ship.
Fixed ability to sell the Stropha Components for Ducats.
Fixed some Fish Bait not properly floating in the water.
Fixed the Moa "Drimper Bracket" using the same model as the new "Hona Bracket" when viewed in Legs' Shop. 
Fixed Condor Dropships in Orb Vallis not moving at all.
Fixed Helstrum missing from the Codex and an inability to Chat link it.
Fixed for Phantasma secondary fire explosion not making sound.
Fixed the Velox jittering at the end of its reload animation.
Fixed Protea Ability sounds not ducking when a Transmission is playing. 
Fixed some broken lighting in certain Corpus Ship tileset rooms.
Fixed electric sparks audio in Jackal arena not ending when the FX expires.
Fixed Fortuna Heist Room music sometimes cutting out when getting briefed. 
Fixed sleigh bell audio for the Festive Orbiter Decorations playing while viewing the Codex, which could overlap with Quest dioramas.
Fixed Pets appearing with Default colours at first.
Fixed a container in the Corpus Ship tileset that was missing it's blocking volumes, which allowed you to pass through the object.
Fixed some breakable Grates in the Corpus Ship tileset appearing as non-breakable.
Fixes towards incorrect fog rendering when viewing skyboxes from your Railjack.
Fixed a script error the could occur when interacting with a Golden Hand Shrine.
Fixed a script error when trying to claim a Pet after previewing other Pets in the Arsenal.
Fixed a script error when receiving a buff from Chroma's Vex Armor.
Fixed a script error in the 'Provide Fish' screen with Fisher Hai-Luk.
Fixed numerous HUD script errors that could occur when playing an Interception mission.
Fixed a few script errors that could occur when deactivating Titania's Razorwing Ability. 
Fixed a script error when entering into the Granum Void.
Fixed a script error when making a choice in the Weave.
Fixed frame rate limiter in cases where the system was able to render at more than 1000 FPS.

## The Deadlock Protocol: Hotfix 28.0.1
**Date:** 2020-06-11T19:25:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 28: The Deadlock Protocol
**Date:** 2020-06-11T17:29:49Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
The 'Open Space' room has been added to the Barracks section of the Dojo Architect! Enjoy this very large open space for your Dojo Decorating fantasies. 
You will need a very large area to accommodate this room, if the area you are attempting to add the 'Open Space' does not fit, a popup will let you know that "No Space is Available".
New Solaris themed Decorations have been added to the Dojo Architect! And yes, there is a paper boat Decoration.
Deadlock Protocol_New Moa + Tenacious Emotion Module.mp4Unavailable
*Check out the in-game Market for this new Moa Companion Emotion Module!
Added new Melee Moa Precept Mods:
Blast Shield
Overshields increased by +3000. Leap at an enemy within 10m dealing 10 Damage and knocking down other enemies within 5m and resets Overshields.
Hard Engage
Engages enemies within 10m with Melee attacks, dealing 90 Impact Damage. Melee attacks are enhanced by Mods equipped in the Moa's weapon.
Added Conservation Glyphs to The Business and Master Teasonai's Offerings. Visit Fortuna and Cetus to claim yours!
Sapcaddy Glyph
Delicate Pobber Glyph 
Common Condroc Glyph 
Added the Umbra mods to Simaris' store Offerings (available after The Sacrifice Quest completion):
Umbral Vitality 
Umbral Fiber 
Umbral Intensify 
Sacrificial Pressure 
Sacrificial Steel 
Added login milestone reward blueprints (Zenistar, Azima, Zenith, and Sigma & Octantis) to Simaris' Offerings. 
Blueprints for each only appear in his Offerings if they have already been previously selected as login rewards.

### Changes
Update 28: The Deadlock Protocol:
We are Desire. Ours is the grasping golden hand. We. Are. Corpus.
Nef Anyo claims to have found an heir to the long-deceased Corpus Founder, Parvos Granum, and has the means to prove it. The Solaris have begun disappearing in droves and Eudico thinks it has something to do with Nef's power play. Whoever they are, the heir to the Founder would be able to solve the stalemate and stage a total takeover of the Corpus Board. If Nef Anyo has anything to do with it, that spells bad news for the Solaris.
The Deadlock Protocol sheds new light on the industrious origins of the Corpus, introduces the time-bending Warframe, Protea and includes a remastered Corpus fleet full of innovative threats and escalating security measures.
To begin The Deadlock Protocol Quest, make sure you have completed the Vox Solaris Quest. The Deadlock Protocol Quest can only be done Solo and you must be at least Mastery Rank 4; ready yourself!
*Players who purchase the Protea Warframe before playing the Quest will receive a Riven as an additional reward.
As you infiltrate Corpus vessels, fight enemies and generally interrupt the pursuit of Grofit, the Corpus will use every piece of their security arsenal to stop you. Be prepared for upgraded Turrets and such deadly reinforcements as mine-deploying Corpus Treasurers.
Experienced Tenno can enjoy seven days of Jackal Sorties following release, where you can take on the reworked Jackal in a high-level area!
Out of desperation to locate any last trace of the long-dead Founder, Nef Anyo has developed a way to open Void portals. Eudico believes they've been kidnapping Solaris to use as guinea pigs and needs your help to rescue them.
The portals are built through Golden Hand Tributes, a spot of profit-worship for faithful Corpus. By spending their Granum Crowns, a valuable manifestation of their devotion, the Corpus can open a rift and send expeditions to Void sites.
Thankfully, you can use these Granum Crowns to your advantage. Collect three tiers of Crowns from Treasurers in your Missions, each signifying a higher level of devotion than the last: Granum Crown, Exemplar Granum Crown, and Zenith Granum Crown. Use them to initiate challenges in Missions, search for Corpus Temple Reliefs or negotiate the release of Solaris prisoners in exchange for Standing.
Within every Corpus Ship Remastered mission you'll encounter a Treasurer: A devoted follower of Parvos and all he stood for, willing to dedicate his life to be the keeper of the tokens of his esteem. The Treasurer is guaranteed to spawn within 2
4 minutes in a non-endless mission, and between 5
8 minutes in an endless mission. The level of your mission determines the tier of Crowns the Treasurer will possess. Handle him with haste before he escapes with his sacred tokens!
Level Tiers are:
0-15: Granum Crown
16-30: Exemplar Granum Crown
31+: Zenith Granum Crown
*Granum Crowns will not appear from Treasurers until you complete The Deadlock Protocol Quest.
Granum Crowns can also be spent at the Corpus Temple Reliefs in Missions to learn more about the Founder. Each new story you acquire will earn you Relief Decorations for your Orbiter!
Protea is the first Warframe to have a Universal Aura Polarity to accompany her set of utility skills!
*Drusus is seeking out myths and legends about Protea and will update the Leverian when he is ready.
*Earn the Protea In Action Glyph during a limited time 72 hour weekend Alert on PC, starting Friday, June 12th @ 2 PM ET. Console will also run this Alert when The Deadlock Protocol Quest is live on their respective Platforms!
*Protea's Alternate Helmets will be added to the Nightwave Cred Offerings once The Deadlock Protocol is live on all Platforms.
When we introduced separate Dispositions for each weapon variant back in November 2019, we planned to give new weapons a Disposition of 1 (the "average"), or matching the lowest member of the weapon family if it already had a Disposition lower than 1. Unfortunately, this meant that powerful new weapons (like the Kuva Lich collection) might have Rivens that start too strong, forcing reductions in accordance with our balance methodology.
In order to prevent this situation, we will be changing this policy: going forward, all new weapons will be released with the minimum Riven Disposition of 0.5. For The Deadlock Protocol, this includes the Dispositions on newly added Primary Kitguns, in addition to regular weapons (secondary Kitgun Dispositions will remain as-is.)
Full details can be found here:
We have added a brand new chat channel to Warframe! The 'Questions and Answers Chat' channel is now live to provide new and experienced players a place to seek and provide help in a dedicated and organized way. It will be toggled on by default for all new players entering the game for the first time, while Region Chat will be opt-in and can be enabled from Options. For existing players, your chat settings remain untouched but the Q&A Channel has been enabled on login.
Please read our "Guide to Using the Q&A Channel" before participating in the channel:
Many Tenno may wonder what our larger goal is here.
We have many motivations for these changes, but one of the strongest is the role Region chat plays our report systems.
It may come as no surprise to hear that Region chat is home to the most reports of any channel in Warframe.
These reports are reviewed and acted on by the staff here at Digital Extremes, and consequences have always been in place for offensive content.
However, some consequences were not strict enough.
We are aiming to reset the onboarding experience and chat experience in Warframe by including a new default Q&A channel to provide a dedicated place for players to bring Warframe knowledge to a chatroom in a designated place.
We also aim to clean up Region chat for members who like having a place to simply discuss Warframe. Region chat will be opt-in, and Offensive Language reports dealing with hate speech will have enforcement that is not up for appeal. If you find yourself under account restrictions due to Offensive Language, our stance is very clear here: We have no tolerance.
Due to no longer having Stasis, if you currently have a pup Companion (not yet Matured), upon equipping it in the Arsenal the UI will prompt you to either Mature or let it roam your Orbiter. The option to let it roam is only available if you don't have a proper Kubrow/Kavat equipped. When starting an Incubation your current roaming Companion will be put away.
The 'Nutrio Incubator Update Segment' now entirely disables DNA degradation!
The Pets Breed is now displayed beside the Pets name in the description when viewing in the Arsenal.
Introducing a new Deadlock UI Theme that goes hand-in-hand with the industrious origins of the Corpus.

You can now change your Mouse Cursor Icon, Mouse Cursor Color, and scale your Cursor in size!
Deadlock Protocol_Mouse Cursor Options.mp4
The Landing Craft Customize screen has been decoupled to provide the ability to mix and match your Landing Craft with whichever Override Air Support you want!

Star Chart Nodes have been given a fresh new look and functionality upon hover!
Hovering over a Node will display a new tileset/accompanying enemy image and gamemode icons respective to the available game modes.
Upon clicking a Node that has numerous game modes available, a selector will open within the window for you to choose your game mode.
Deadlock Protocol_Node UI Selector.mp4
Added two new cursor sliders under the Interface tab in your Options to give you more ways to customize and improve how you navigate the UI with a controller to your liking:
 UI Cursor Acceleration: Adjust the rate the cursor accelerates when moving in a continuous direction can be changed. 
The Sensitivity Option still determines the overall speed of the cursor, while Acceleration gives players the freedom to set how quickly they'd like to get from point A to B. 
 UI Cursor Magnetism: Adjust the level of "magnetism" ("stickiness") there is between the cursor and interactive elements in the UI. 
Before the update, the cursor was set to "stick" to items you pass over by default. It was sometimes helpful but often proved to be an annoyance that prevented you from having reasonable cursor speed on UI windows with many elements. Now, you are able to customize how the cursor "sticks" to these elements. Setting it to "0" simply means that there will be no friction whatsoever between the cursor and the UI elements.
Added tooltip to Mastery Rank on hover while viewing your Profile to show total Mastery Breakdown per category.

Added button to rewatch the Kuva Lich cinematic in the Lich Codex section. 
Upon visiting a Syndicate in the Relay, the Syndicate donation screen now displays your full Inventory of eligible items, similar to selling Fish in Cetus.

Updated a handful of Helmet icons in the in-game Market to better fit the new themed UI.
Removed the option to set "Battle Pay Caps" in the Alliance Management screen as it is not currently relevant.
The 'Reset Decorations' has been removed from the pause menu and placed in the Decoration mode HUD as 'Clear All Decorations'.
Tooltips have been added to Arsenal stats! For example, hovering over 'Armor' now gives you an example about what it does.

Updated trade windows at merchants in Cetus and Fortuna to use the latest inventory UI. 

Added visual separation in Railjack customization screen between all other color settings and the "All Colors" option. 
Updated the 'Invasion' gamemode icon!
Added "Join Any Crew" option to search for Open Squads in active Railjack missions that you can join in a given Proxima. If there are no open squads, a pop-up will prompt you to try again or launch a new session from your personal Railjack. 
We've added this feature to save time and keep you from needing to hover over node by node to see if there are active squads on them. 
Added a 'Scrap Wreckage' button to the Railjack Components/ Armaments screens. This removes the step of having to manually go into your Inventory in order view a complete list of Wreckage to Scrap when over the Wreckage limit.

Fire hazards that spawn on the Railjack will now directly damage the Ship/Hull directly, instead of getting split between Hull and Shields. This means that even if you have full Shields you'll start taking damage directly to your Railjack if you leave a fire unattended. 
Fixed loss of functionality when performing a Finisher while inside a Crewship when it explodes.
Fixes towards inability to use the Archwing Slingshot if two Client players spam the interaction at the same time during a Railjack mission.
Fixed a case where the End of Mission screen would pop in for a split second when transitioning from a Railjack mission to Dojo.
Fixed being able to launch Railjack missions from an incomplete Dry Dock (still in construction through Rising Tide) after Host migrating from a mission joined as Clients.
This also fixes a related issue of infinite loading tunnels when returning to Dojo after host migration. 
Fixed Wreckage Capacity not immediately being updated until after exiting and then coming back after using Valence Fusion with Wreckage as one of the components.
Fixed Railjack Armament stats not displaying properly when viewing the full Railjack stats.
Fixed a loss of functionality when viewing the Nightwave screen when a squad member returns the Railjack to the Dry Dock.
Fixed some Railjack POIs having a delayed reaction to your presence (i.e not firing Super Weapon, firing Ram Sleds, etc),
Fixed being placed next to a POI (if there is one) when skipping the Crewship Archwing exit cutscene.
Fixed Railjack mesh collapsing when loading into Dry Dock after mission in the "Configure Railjack" panel.
Fixed a crash when aborting a Railjack mission after another player had also aborted.
Increased the Riven Capacity limit from 120 to 150.
The Blazing Step Ephemera has been removed from the Elite Sanctuary Onslaught rewards table and added to two places:
Arbitration Honors Store in the Relay
Railjack Commander Boss Drop Tables (5%)
Out of the growing list of Ephemeras, Blazing Step was the more difficult to obtain due to its drop rate within the Elite Sanctuary Onslaught table. By taking Blazing Step out of the ESO table, the rewards within ESO will normalize and fill in the missing 1.01%. You now have the option to either spend your Vitus Essence in the Arbitrations Honor Store or by bringing demise to Railjack Commanders during your Railjack missions. 
Increased the amount of invested currency that is refunded for the following: 
Dissolving ranked Mods refund more of the invested Endo (75% just like Rivens).
Scrapping ranked Avionics refund more of the invested Dirac (75% just like Mods).
Selling ranked Mods refund more of the invested credits (75% just like Endo).
The Earth to Mars Junction now awards the Iron Phoenix Stance, and the Earth to Venus Junction now awards the Clashing Forest Stance.
This aims to provide new players an easier path to experience the Melee system at an early Star Chart stage. Those who have completed these Junctions will retroactively be given these Melee Stances. 
Removed Copernics from Mining Nodes on the Orb Vallis and added to Eximus enemies in the Lua tileset.
Removed Pustrels from Mining Nodes in the Plains of Eidolon and added to Eximus enemies in the Infested Ship tileset.
The Rank Up FX for Warframes, Weapons, and Companions has been given a refresh! This FX also now applies your chosen Energy color instead of the default.
Shield Gating is now disabled in the Dojo Obstacle course when you hit intended insta-fail traps such as Kill or Laser Traps.
Updated the following Augment Mods to replace the terminology 'Proc' with 'Status':
Vexing Retaliation
Shocking Speed
Tidal Impunity
Neutron Star
Hallowed Eruption
Piercing Roar
Adjusted icon for The Deadlock Protocol's promotional Glyph to represent the Corpus Founder more clearly, and have less of matching iconography with real life movements. 
The Corpus Ship tileset remaster brings a new home for Razorback! Fight this Corpus creation in a brand new remastered Arena. Gameplay remains the same!
Reduced the hit FX of the Cernos Prime and Paris Prime.
The Opticor will now queue charging if you click+hold during its re-fire wait time (instead of ignoring your click if you didn't wait the full 1 second). 
Tweaked some Fortuna hammering NPCs to be more in sync with each other.
Corpus Ship Captura scenes "Freight" and "Maintenance" have been updated to the new remastered tileset, they are now "Artillery Battery Scene" and "Corpus Depository Scene".
Polished and tweaked Nagantaka's firing animation to reduce possible motion blur issues.
Changed the Fortress Container codex entry to be "Polished Storage Crate/Container".
Polished glass texturing to improve volumetrics, reflection simulation, and everything a good wall of glass should offer.
On the topic of glass, we have removed Reinforced Glass from its respective tilesets. 
Slight reduction to Elemental FX on Garuda's Talons.
Improved Companion Moa parkour movements when attempting to follow/catch up with its owner.
Keep an eye out for new Venus skyboxes when loading into Venus missions and when gazing out your Orbiter windshield.
Updated the Arch-Gun animations (recoil smoothing etc.) when using Archwing Deployer in mission to make them even more awesome. 
Also fixed an issue where players could slide around during the call down animation.
The Glaxion Vandal is now tradable.
The Kuva Bramma has received balance changes to address it's overwhelming chart topping usage. The Kuva Bramma still goes boom, and we look forward to your feedback once you've given it a try.
Full detail can be found here:
It has a smaller reserve ammo (15 to 5), and gains fewer arrows from ammo pickups
This is to encourage players to aim the bow deliberately at crowds of enemies and not fire it wildly everywhere.
Fewer cluster bombs are produced on impact (from 7 to 3)
Reduces the overwhelming AOE potential somewhat but also makes the Bramma less visually busy. Players have said that the many many explosions produced by Bramma are hard to see through.
Increased cluster projectile radial attack size from 2.7m to 3.5m.
Reduced cluster projectile fall off from 100% to 50%
Fewer explosive fragments, but they cover more area and generally do more damage.
Updated the Kuva Bramnma description to include these changes:
This Grineer bow delivers vengeance in the form of cluster bomb-tipped arrows that can be detonated mid-air or on impact. Low quiver capacity, arrows are recovered singly.
Damage increased from 180 to 248.
Status Chance increased from 30 to 36%.
Critical Chance increased from 10 to 20%.
Made some micro-optimizations to several UI panels.
Optimized Crewship explosions in Railjack missions as they were causing a noticeable impact on performance. 
Made some micro-optimizations to run-time object creation.
Made some systemic micro-optimizations to type serialization (level loading, run-time object creation, etc).
Optimized level-loading slightly.
Fixed Railjack spot-loading the first time it's brought into view in the Orbiter.
Upon falling/jumping off a platform in the Weave, you'll now be teleported back to the main platform instead of failing the Weave. 
The non-existent aim-gliding in the Weave was the root of many Weave failures, which is why we have added the teleport. It's still the Glassmakers game though, so use your time wisely! 
The amount of Cephalite Resonance to enter the Weave has been cut in half. The requirement is now 5 instead of 10.
Your Cephalite Resonance count, as well as the amount required for the Weave, is now displayed upon hover on the Glassmaker crime scene episode selector. 
Slightly reduced the volume of Cephalite Tears opening/closing.
Fixed the 'Friendly Fire' Weekly Nightwave Act only awarding 1,000 instead of 4,500 Glassmaker Standing.
Upon login, the outstanding 3,500 will be retroactively awarded to those who completed when it lacked the proper Standing reward.
Fixed Cephalite enemies having blown out FX if killed with a Fulmin.
Fixed parts of the Mod UI being cut in half if you loaded into a Relay/Town with the Nightwave screen open.
Fixed the "Elite Explorer" Nightwave Acts not showing progress in description.

### Fixes
Fixed a case where a Kuva Lich could appear to change ownership or identity during a mission, possibly resulting in the Parazon check being incorrect, and/or counting towards a different player's history.
Fixed Kuva Liches falling off the level during the Parazon check animation, causing them to sometimes die and break the final choice cinematic.
Fixed a case where your Kuva Lich would not level up after failing Parazon Mod order.
Fixes towards a case where a Host migration during the Kuva Lich mission loading screen could result in no Kuva Thralls spawning. 
Fixed the music cue that gets played when a Kuva Lich Thrall spawns only playing for the Host.
Fixed your gun auto firing after the Kuva Thrall Mercy if you initiated the Mercy while also firing.
Fixed a script error that could occur when a Kuva Lich went away.
Fixed an issue where resetting controller bindings to default would not remove bindings from buttons that didn't have a default action assigned to them (e.g. for XB1 and PC, D-pad down doesn't have an action bound under Railjack controls, so if you bound Bank Left to it, for instance, it would remain bound).
Fixed a controller issue where you could assign an Archwing action (e.g. Move Down/Dodge/Blink) to a button that has a non-Archwing-exclusive action already bound to it (e.g. Ability Menu), resulting in both being bound to the same button simultaneously (where only one action would actually be executed when the button is pressed). Now, in the above example, the Crouch/Slide/Roll action would trade places with the Power Menu action, resolving the conflict.
Fixed an issue where if you rebound Ability Menu under the General tab for controller bindings, it wouldn't update immediately under the Power Menu tab to that key, which could result in creating conflicting bindings under the Power Menu tab.
Fixed controllers using a higher deadzone value than desired for non-look analog inputs. Was applying a 20% deadzone across the board instead of using platform-specific values, which were generally lower. This should improve responsiveness of analog sticks.
Fixed an issue where resetting controller bindings would take effect immediately even if you chose not to save when it prompted you upon exiting. Now only takes effect upon confirmation when exiting.
Fixed the action list in the Customize Controller controller screen not updating to show the current working bindings as you're updating them.
Fixed a case where Corpus Mobile Defense objectives are invulnerable. As reported here:
Fixes towards Defense missions breaking due to an inability to terminate enemies that have been changed to Ally status (Nyx Mind Control, Revenant Enthrall, etc), thus inability to complete the Defense Wave.
Fixed Clients not seeing the dynamic Damage effects when the Defense Target's Health gets lower in tiles where the Target moves.
Fixed inability to gain Energy from Energy Restores after using Valkyr's Hysteria.
Fixed Derim Zahn's turrets never shutting off in The Index. 
Fixed performing a Iron Phoenix Stance Heavy Attack (Middle Mouse Button by default) while sliding only triggering normal sliding attack, which also consumed combo count.
Fixed enemies/objects becoming stuck inside a catwalk in the Grineer Shipyard tileset, which could cause a progression stop.
Fixed Shield Gating mechanic being ignored by weapons that fire multiple projectiles at once for Clients. This resulted in some enemies shot by the Host will survive due to Shield Gating negating most of the damage, while enemies shot by the Client are not protected by the Shield Gate. 
Fixed Mutalist Osprey Carrier's ignoring Limbo's Cataclysm bubble. 
Fixed not receiving Credits for completing the first 2 Zones of Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed the "Killing blow on x Sentients" Riven challenge not counting for new Sentient enemies aboard the Sentient Anomaly. 
Fixed the Archwing Launcher Segment Blueprint requiring Mastery Rank 5. It is now no longer Mastery Rank locked.
Fixed Wukong's Celestial Twin suffering from very long Knockdowns. As reported here:
Fixed Shield Lancers flailing wildly when affected by Titania's Lantern. 
Fixed Ash Shroud's arm blades not animating during his Bladestorm ability.
Fixed a Chat linked Riven that has 256+ rerolls being displayed as having 0 rolls. As reported here:
Fixed the Mandachord not displaying notes correctly during Octavia's Anthem Quest.
Fixed a few cases where Rescue Targets could fall through elevators as they're moving.
Fixed the Daikyu not properly affecting the stat buff of Mecha Overdrive and Hunter Synergy Kubrow Mods, thus giving the player a much lower than expected Status/Crit Chance link. As reported here:
Fixed Arsenal UI showing double the damage for Glaives. 
Fixed ability to Deploy your Arch-Gun in weapon-restricted Mastery Rank tests.
Fixed Atlas and Zephyr not playing their full body animation when equipping an Arch-Gun.
Fixed inability to trade Prisma Shade and Prisma Burst Laser.
Fixed a case where the Chat window might not behave correctly if you had it bound to Enter.
Fixed loading into a blue Void with a broken map during the 'Confront Umbra' mission in The Sacrifice Quest. 
Fixed overly distorted FX on the Operator during the 'Confront Umbra' mission in The Sacrifice Quest.
Fixed the TennoCon 2020 Syandana clipping with Mirage and Ash Shroud Skin lower body.
Fixed numerous Kubrow Armors clipping into large boned Kubrows.
Fixed some more cases where the UI was reporting a different binding than what was actually bound in-game.
Fixed certain trams in the Grineer Asteroid tileset not positioning correctly for Clients.
Fixed some issues with Kitguns having FX distortions and particles appearing square. As reported here:
Fixed Corinth Prime's custom reload animations not appearing correctly when equipped with Skins. 
Fixed wonky Corinth reload animation after reloading and rolling at the same time. As reported here:
Fixed arm mounted Secondaries (Atomos, Gammacor, etc) not playing custom idle animations. As reported here:
Fixed Amalgam Argonak Metal Auger FX Energy color covering the entire enemy in a solid color. It now envelopes the enemy is a ghostly FX!
Fixed holstering two-handed weapons when attempting to reload (animation still plays) and jump at the same times.
Fixed various audio/visual effects missing for the Javlok's throw attack explosions.
Fixed flickering effect in the Grineer Asteroid tileset when Deferred Rendering in enabled.
Fixed Archwing Blink FX (including Titania's Razorwing) not using chosen Energy colors. As reported here:
Fixed Resources sometimes falling into turret pits in the Grineer Asteroid Fortress tileset. 
Fixed Host being unable to enter the Fortuna elevator after picking up and dropping the Data Mass in the second stage of the Profit Taker Heist. 
Fixed small hitch with loading ability icons when previewing Warframes in the in-game Market and through Chat linking. 
Fixed holding waypoint button while mounted on K-Drive not removing live marker. 
Fixed many cases of NPC's leaping Abilities potentially causing them to land out of the tileset and getting stuck.
Fixed cancelling a Bursa hack counting as a successful hack.
Fixed holding G to remove waypoints not functioning while on a K-Drive.
Fixed several of Ticker's Second Hand Decorations appearing off center from their dioramas.
Fixed Hildryn's Balefire deactivate animation superseding her Aegis Storm deactivate animation. 
Potential fix towards Trade offer not updating locally on offer failure.
Fixed Archwing Quest objective waypoints in the Void sometimes not pathing correctly.
Fixed square distortion that would happen when a Grineer deployed their inflatable cover.
Fixed Landing Craft Air Support sometimes spot load for players who have a different Craft equipped.
Fixed incorrect hit sound effects when using the Maruta Tonfa Skin.
Fixed incorrect Melee hand placement if the weapon has the Longsword Insidia Skin equipped.
Fixed some Prime weapon icons in your Inventory displaying their vanilla variant instead of the respective Prime. 
Fixed a hitch when the Tennora stops firing. Also fixed unneeded spinning animation when equipping. 
Fixed all Glaives becoming mini in size after initiating dual-wield mode in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Boltor Bravura Skin being broken when equipped on the Telos Boltor.
Fixed the Gunsen not holstering properly in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Thiazi Syandana clipping into numerous Warframes.
Fixed the Kunshu Syandana clipping through Wisp's Delusion Skin scarf.
Fixed rare case of Syndicate allies spawning on top of eachother. 
Fixed Elite Shield Lancer not having its shield equipped in Codex diorama.
Fixed Tomb Protector Codex diorama having its weapons placed in weird positions.
Fixed a game hang/crash when selecting 'Corpus Target' in the Codex.
Fixed long Clan names being partly hidden behind the menu options in the Clan Management screen.
Fixed very long usernames not displaying properly in the Revive screen.
Fixed script error in Profit-Taker Phase 1 if the player Transferred to Operator at the Fishing segment.
Fixed script error that could occur after a Host migration while sealing a Thermia Fracture.
Fixed a script error when trying to apply a Look/Mod Link on a weapon after you just sold the weapon you have equipped in that slot.
Fixed script error that would occur if you tried to login while banned and clicked the 'help' button.
Fixed a script error when previewing Khora in the Arsenal.
Fixed a script error when casting numerous Warframe Abilities.

## Prime Vault: Hotfix 27.5.6 + 27.5.6.1
**Date:** 2020-05-26T18:14:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.5
**Date:** 2020-05-21T14:50:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.5:

### Fixes
Fixed the Blood Rush Critical Chance boost not resetting when the Melee combo counter is reset.
Fixed a hack panel in the Corpus Ship Sabotage tileset that would spawn enemies every time it was hacked, resulting in an abundance of Moas! 
Fixed a script error when deactivating Valkyr's Hysteria with the Enraged Augment equipped.
Fixed script error that could occur when joining a mission in progress with a Valkyr using the Enraged Augment.
Fixed a script error during a Conservation encounter in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a script error that could occur when entering the Orb Vallis while a Thermia Fracture is being sealed.
Fixed a script error that would occur when viewing a Kavor Defector in the Codex.
Fixed a script crash that could occur on Clients if a dagger from Baruuk's Desolate Hands tried to fire at an enemy that was killed immediately.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur if a Companion Moa's Tractor Beam Precept was active as you streamed back into Cetus or Fortuna.

## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.4
**Date:** 2020-05-20T17:29:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.4:
Head to the respective Syndicate Offerings to add these new Warframe Augments to your Arsenal!
Your move speed in Glassmaker Crime Scene #1 now matches the Leverian move speed. Inspect with more haste!
Cephalite Resonance is now linkable in Chat which can also reveal the amount in your Inventory.
Fixed a script error that could occur if an enemy was Glassed while on a mounted turret.
Baruuk's Desolate Hands will no longer consume a charge from Baruuk when sharing with Allies.
From player requests, the Directed Convergence Mod has been converted to an Exilus Mod.
Improved robustness of the launcher in the face of hostile networks (this may solve cases where an update is not visible to some users immediately).
Fixed an issue with certain particle effects when running the game at very high frame-rates. As seen here:

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that could occur in Sortie Defense missions due to Defense Targets patrolling outside of the combat zone. 
Fixed inability to target Baruuk's Desolate Hands and Nezha's Warding Halo on Defendable objects. 
Fixed ability to hack a Bursa for free if you exited the hack via the pause menu.
Fixed Blood Rush, Gladiator Mod Set, and Weeping Wounds bonuses not resetting if you're the Operator when the Combo expires.
Fixed Parazon Mods not remaining equipped after a Host migration.
Fixed an abrupt Mission Failed due to Arbitration Defense targets dying randomly when attempting to teleport to the player when falling behind or just simply falling through the ground to their demise. As reported here:
Fixed Wardens in Rescue missions sometimes teleporting ahead of the player en route to extraction.
Fixed downed Kuva Larvlings sometimes teleporting ahead of the player en route to extraction.
Fixed Hildryn's Ability Drain not updating in Arsenal Stats.
Fixed another case of the Vasca Curative not working on Kavats.
Fixed Nezha and Zephyrs Passive disable Augments giving the incorrect amount of Strength.

## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.3
**Date:** 2020-05-15T18:04:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.3:
Another potential fix towards Cephalite enemies remaining invulnerable after having their glass destroyed. This case specifically related to the Cephalite enemy being ragdolled.
Fixed Cephalite Resonance in Railjack not being shared between all squadmates.
Fixed Kuva Larvlings and Silver Grove Specters spawning as Cephalites.
Fixed a rare crash when exiting the Nightwave crime scene.
Fixed a script error that could occur when a Glassed enemy was ragdolled.
The Larkspur now has force feedback when using a controller.
Reduced Floof and Noggle Dojo Decoration cost from 20 to 5 (matching the Orbiter).
Rotated the Suprema heavy sword skin so it faces the proper way. As reported here:
Made a micro-optimization to K-Drive races.

### Fixes
Fixed some Railjack Battle Avionics not firing where the reticle is aimed for Clients.
Fixed the default Railjack Skin not being first in the Railjack Skin list.
Fixed a few cases where bindings under the General tab would sometimes override a binding in a more specific tab. For example, on a controller, if you bound Right-D-Pad to Tactical Menu under General and bound it to Omni-Tool under Power Menu, it would open the Tactical Menu even when you were using the Power Menu.
Fixed a case where you would change a controller binding, and the list of actions to bind would still show the default binding.
Fixed the Basmu reload not providing Health if you're the Client.
Fixed ability to equip the Mending Shot Mod on the Shedu. Mending Shot is a Rifle (no AOE) Mod.
Fixed Entropy Spike equipped on a Bolto causing self damage. This will now accurately cause self stagger.
Fixed Kinetic Siphon Traps sometimes not working on Synthesis Targets.
Fixed Titania Prime's lateral dodges not moving you as far as they should. 
Fixed an ambiguity when getting Relics as a Daily Tribute (the description was the same as a Relic pack which implied you were getting 5). 
Numerous fixes towards NPC dodge behaviour issues, such as NPCs never switching up their dodge patterns and teleporting randomly after dodging.
Fixed Somachord music playing in the background when entering the Leverian.
Fixed a loud gun sound playing when inspecting items in Gauss' Leverian. 
Fixed not changing directions when using afterburners in open zone Archwing while facing backwards.
Fixed a case where the squad UI could become unresponsive if a player leaves during the loading screen transition.
Fixed squad UI breaking if you selected a Star Chart mission then toggled to Railjack mode during the zoom-in animation.
Fixed disabling Melee Auto Targeting in Options not actually disabling it.
Fixed Market Bundles that include multiples of items displaying the multiple quantity, but the single item price, causing confusion on thinking you will get the multiple items for the single price. 
Fixed the pause menu overlapping with the Dojo Architect screen.
Fixes towards a crash caused by a Host migration while in Archwing.
Fixed numerous script errors that could occur if a K-Drive race were interrupted by a Host migration.
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a mission with a K-Drive race in progress.
Fixed script errors that could occur when joining a mission in progress right when someone deploys an Arch Gun Deployer or other Gear Items.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur when joining a Grineer Shipyards Hijack mission in progress.
Fixed numerous script errors when using Kinetic Siphon Traps.

## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.2
**Date:** 2020-05-13T17:48:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.1
**Date:** 2020-05-12T17:52:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Hotfix 27.5.1
	Fixes:
Fixed Ash's Helmet having a vestigial tail in Leverian. 
Fixed floating text in Ash's Leverian. 
Fixed a crash / issue that could occur when viewing transmissions. 
Fixed an issue where opening the Codex too quickly would cause a complete functionality loss.

## Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker: Update 27.5.0
**Date:** 2020-05-12T14:37:40Z | **Type:** Update
## Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Hotfix 27.4.4
**Date:** 2020-05-07T19:20:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Hotfix 27.4.3
**Date:** 2020-05-05T20:52:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Hotfix 27.4.3:
Your Pet Companions will now teleport alongside you when transitioning between different regions in a Railjack mission (ie Omni Recall, Archwing Slingshot, boarding a Crewship via Archwing, etc). 
This addresses feedback that Pet Companions could take many seconds to catch up, or if it's bleeding out, won't catch up at all, thus dying frequently. This also fixes Pet Companions sometimes dying on an exploding Crewship that you've already departed from. 
A lingering issue we're chasing is the Join Warp feature not bringing your Pet Companion with you.
Fixed a functionality loss when Recalling back to the Railjack while performing a finisher. 
Fixed Cruising Speed Avionic not applying its 80% increase for Railjack speed when more than 3000m away from any enemy ships.
Fixed base of the Railjack Wing Turret appearing to float in front of the Client player when mounting said Wing Turret.
Stance Forma is now eligible to be installed on Garuda's Talons due to the Talons using standard Stance Mods instead of an Exalted Stance.

### Fixes
Fixed Hold cast/charge abilities becoming nonfunctional if interrupted by a Parazon finisher.
Fixed Torid Toxin grenades dealing self-damage.
Fixed inability to approach Orb Vallis Coildrives to initiate a hack due to the Coildrive constantly shocking and knocking you back.
Fixed Grattler projectiles sometimes immediately exploding when fired which sometimes resulted in a crash. 
Fixed a misleading spike in the launcher download speed indicator when a lot of updates are aborted at once.
Fixed a script error in Rell's Condemn ability.

## Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Hotfix 27.4.2
**Date:** 2020-05-04T18:51:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Hotfix 27.4.1
**Date:** 2020-05-01T20:16:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Warframe Revised: Railjack Revisited (Part 1): Update 27.4
**Date:** 2020-05-01T13:21:46Z | **Type:** Update
## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.16
**Date:** 2020-04-22T17:51:40Z | **Type:** Update
## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.15 + 27.3.15.1
**Date:** 2020-04-17T17:31:25Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: 27.3.15:
Fixed mission objective UI icon to "Retrieve the OpLink Satellite" showing as "*" instead of the mission objective marker. With this we also fixed other UI screens not showing the correct icons or key bindings (such as the ability menu while piloting the Railjack with a controller).
Made the hit notification sounds clearer when making contact with an enemy fighter. 
Fixed UI becoming unresponsive if the 'view mission progress' screen was open while transitioning to another Railjack level or Dry Dock.
Made a micro-optimization to the Carabus heat beam effects.
Attempted further improve our script error diagnostics and better expose problems with errors caused by joining Hosts under hostile network conditions.
Grineer Forest tileset ferns will now dither when the camera is close to them to help visibility when shooting.
Changed the Alliance MOTD to read "EDIT ALLIANCE MESSAGE" instead of "EDIT CLAN MESSAGE" when attempting to edit said message.

### Fixes
Fixes towards some Earth tileset boundaries that allowed players to escape outside the level.
Fixed friendly Specters suffering knockdown when deployed and taking entirely way too long to recover. 
Fixed the "Cut Fish" preview window at Fisher Hai-Luk and the "Dismantle" preview window at The Business cutting the top row of items making it impossible to see the amount of each item. 
Fixed an issue where an Eidolon Wail could hit players in Limbo's Rift after a Host migration.
Fixed a script error that could result in the Kuva Siphon not spawning correctly.
Fixed a script error in Vor's Prize if you happened to kill an enemy after recovering the Nav Segment; apart from a few cosmetic things this would have broken the extra Affinity you would have earned for optionally destroying the Reactor.
Fixed a script error that would prevent Sanctuary Onslaught Conduits from appearing.
Fixed a script error that could occur in Ambulas Assassinate missions if an Ambulas was picked up by a Condor Dropship while a Drone was still tethered to it. 
Fixed multiple other script errors with the Ambulas Assasinate mission. 
Fixed a script error that could be caused by various NPC attacks that temporarily blind the player.
Fixed a script error that could occur when fighting Eidolons if an energy wave was still propagating as the Eidolon died.
Fixed a script error with the Helminth Cyst. 
Fixed Host migration script errors in Orokin Sabotage missions.
Fixed a script error that could occur if joining a mission right when a Harrow casts Condemn.
Fixed a script error that would occur for any Client observing a Gara cast Spectrorage; this would have resulted in missing customization effects for all Clients.
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a mission right when a Gara casts Spectrorage.
Fixed several script errors related to Ammo Dispensers in open-world maps that would occur when joining missions in progress. 
Fixed a script error with Magus Lockdown. 
Fixed a script crash that could occur when killing an enemy while having the Peculiar Growth Mod equipped. 
Fixed a harmless script error that would occur if you aborted a mission while a Teralyst was gathering Vomvalysts to shield it.
Fixed a script that could occur if you flipped off your K-Drive at the right moment and sent it flying into the hallway between Cetus and the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed a script error that could occur if you killed a Carabus while it was still blasting you with its heat ray.
Fixed a script error that could occur with various Sentient and Corpus types.
Fixed a script error that could occur if the Ropalolyst lost its target. 
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining Exterminate missions in progress. 
Fixed several script errors that could occur during a Kuva Lich's Tactical Inversion (Switch Teleport) ability if the victim died during the cast animation.
Fixed a script error that could occur when loading between regions wearing certain types of Armor (Etheria Shoulder Plates, Ki'teer Foros Leg Plates, Saturn Six Knee Plates, etc.)
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a mission in progress while someone is opening a locker.
Fixed a script error that would occur if all Tenno were down during an air-strike on Hades (Pluto). 
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Kuva Lich escaped or was killed while casting a fire-blast attack.
More fixes towards a Void Fissure script error mistakenly causing the Fissures to spawn on the ground, not slightly above it. 
Fixed a script error that could occur for Clients joining a mission in progress in the Power Drift Hall of Ascension room. 
Fixed script crashes related to Operators using Madurai's Void Radiance or Unairu's Void Chrysalis Focus Ways and Clients with slower connections to the Host. 
Fixed a script error that would occur when joining a mission that has alarm buttons under hostile network conditions.
Fixed a script error that would occur for Clients if you loaded into a Capture mission after the Target-capturing animation had started.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur if you aborted a mission while Energy Conversion was active.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur when joining a Capture mission in progress right as the Target was downed.
Fixed a script error that could occur if certain types of objects were pushed into teleport volumes.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you dismounted a K-Drive at the last second and sent it flying into a loading tunnel while another Tenno watched.
Fixed a script error if you managed to destroy a Kuva Fortress Shrapnel Mine before it could explode.
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a squad where someone using the Mecha Mod set kills the marked target right at the same time. 
Fixed a script error in the Shockwave Actuators Precept that could occur if the enemy in the blast area was destroyed while it was being knocked back. 
Fixed a script error occurring when your Sentinel attempts to Revive you.
Fixed a script error with Nova's Antimatter Drop with the Atomica Skin equipped. 
Fixed a script error with Smeeta Kavat's Mischief precept. 
Fixed multiple script errors when casting Warframe abilities.
Fixed a script error that resulted in a UI soft-lock if you open a Look Link with an Archwing in it.
Fixed a script error related to having a Cyst.
Fixed a script error when returning to the Liset after a mission.
Fixed a script error after returning to the Relay from mission.
Fixed a script error with Baruuk's Lull ability when used with Railjack Ability Kinesis.
Fixed a script error that could occur in Spy missions as a Client under hostile network conditions.
Fixed script error you could encounter as a Client playing an Archwing Pursuit mission.
Fixed script error you could encounter when joining an Archwing Pursuit mission in-progress.
Fixed a script error that could occur on Gas City missions when joining a mission in progress .
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Ghoul Rictus' hook-shot grabbed onto something that was destroyed before it could reach.
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Ghoul Rictus' hook-shot grabbed onto something right as you exited the mission.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Tribute ability.

## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.14
**Date:** 2020-04-15T18:01:47Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: 27.3.14:
Head to the respective Syndicate Offerings to add these new Warframe Augments to your Arsenal (and become a flying meatball).
Titania Primes Razorwing Energy wings will now be hidden when aiming to avoid blocking your sight.
Fixed script errors if Kill Code is received while quitting Murex Raid mission to return to Flotilla.
Another fix towards "Tactical Efficiency" (Tactical Rank 6) not modifying the Flux Energy cost of using some Battle Avionics.
You'll notice that a majority of these fixes are related to 'script errors', which are no stranger to Hotfix notes, but the list below is a bit girthier than usual. We implemented some backend code to expose harmless yet lingering script errors for our team to squash!

### Fixes
Fixed temporarily losing the ability to aim, shoot, swap weapons, or type if the player attempts to Mercy in the middle of a knockback animation.
Fixed Motus Impact not extending the Melee range of Titania's Diwata.
Fixed Terra Attack Drones in the Orb Vallis idling on the ground when not in combat instead of flying around like a good Drone should.
Fixed being stuck in the Transference Chair in the Orbiter Captura Scene if you Transferred to the Operator.
Fixed markers not pathing properly in the Infested Salvage mission.
Fixed a red frame appearing around the themed Stats box briefly in some places (ex: Market).
Fixed a script error slower PCs might encounter loading in the Kuva Fortress that would prevent the assembly hall tileset from being populated properly.
Fixed script errors that could occur when joining Kuva Fortress missions as a Client if the level contained an assembly hall tileset.
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurred when using Magus Lockdown.
Fixed a script error when damaging Grineer Surveillance Drones.
Fixed a script error that could occur if a security camera spotted you just as you were knocked slightly out of the world.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you killed a Kuva Lich while it was using a Fire attack.
Fix ability script errors that could occur in the transition between phases in Mastery Rank 14 test (and possibly others).
Fixed a number of script errors that could occur if you died during an in-world transmission in Rathuum.
Fixed a harmless script error that would occur if you aborted a mission at the exact moment your Dethcube's Vaporize Precept fired.
Fixed script error that could occur when joining Exterminate missions in progress.
Fixed script error that would occur if someone was dead in spectator mode when the first person reached extraction; this may have broken the trigger and required you to move away from extraction and back again to try again.
Fixed several script errors that could occur when transitioning to a new area while carrying the Shedu.
Fixed script error that could occur in the Power Drift Hall of Ascension room.
Fixed a script error if the Orokin laser trap had one of its caps destroyed before it started extending.
Fixed a couple script errors if you Rank up after Taxon activates its Molecular Conversion.
Fixed a script error if your Sentinel died while being nullified.
Fixed a script error if a Client's Warframe died after applying the last Void Strike bonus damage.
Fixed a script error that would occur sometimes when applying DNA Stabilizers to your Pet Companion.
Fixed a script error that could occur in Infested Salvage if you died and were in spectator mode.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you Transferred to your Operator at the right moment in an Invasion mission at the cross-over point between the ships.
Fixed a script error if a Ghoul Expired jumps at a target who dies by the time they get there.
Fixed a script error that could break Ghoul Purge Bounties if a player died while bringing the Grokdrul processor to the injector.
Fixed a script error that could occur when reaching the Cetus doors to enter the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixed a script error related to the Tusk Mortar Bombard attacking you in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a script error related to Eidolon Lures.
Fixed script error that could occur if a Kuva Fortress mine was destroyed mid-way through it's spawn animation.
Fixed a script error related to the Ropalolyst doing an 'angry animation'.
Fixed a script error when looking at the Archwing category in the Market. 
Fixed a script error related to Clan Pigment Research.
Fixed a script error related to Shade's Ghost Precept.
Fixed a script error that could occur when using the Ludoplex.
Fixed a script error with Limbo's Rift Torrent Augment that could occur if Rift Surge was cast after a Railjack warp.
Fixed a script error when casting Volt's Discharge ability right when another player was joining-in-progress.
Fixed a script error when casting numerous Warframe abilities.

## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.13
**Date:** 2020-04-14T19:52:12Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: 27.3.13:

### Fixes
Fixed "on hit" Arcanes triggering when using Railjack weapons.
Fixed a script error when refreshing the Railjack Armaments screen after Scrapping some Wreckage.
Fixed a script error when moving at the speed of light through a Void tunnel.
Fixed a script error when exiting a Crewship and going into Archwing.
Fixed a script error when firing the Forward Artillery.
Optimized network connections to Relays, Towns and Dojos for people around the world. Not only will this improve player movement but it should also help accelerate Kill Code transmission for Scarlet Spear Murex Raids that would have previously had a very high-ping to our servers.
Fixed a crash that could occur when using Archwing in Orb Vallis or the Plains.
Fixes towards Void nodes not being selected for Neo or Axi Void Fissure missions.
Fixed dynamically generated missions (daily Syndicate mission) on Void nodes preventing it from also being a Void Fissure mission. 
Fixed being punted back to the Relay when attempting to load into the Simulacrum. Also fixed a crash that could accompany this attempt.
Fixed Companions trying to attack enemies that are in Inaros' Devour trap, which we don't want cause we wish to snack on said enemy.
Fixed the Corinth/Corinth Prime Alt fire grenades shooting out sideways.
Fixed Tonkor projectiles colliding with themselves when Multishot is used, causing them to instantly stagger players when fired during certain movements 
Fixed Clients not seeing the "Slam Capacitors" buff being given when using the Arca Titron.
Fixed a script error that could break Defection missions that had already failed because too many Kavor Defectors had been killed
if a Defector evacuated during the countdown to extraction the script would break and not be able to force the mission to fail.
Fixed a script error in Infested Salvage missions if you joined right as someone was activating a Vaporizer.
Fixed a script error that could occur in Infested Salvage missions after a Host migration that would prevent the HUD from being updated.
Fixed a script error that could occur after a Host migration of a mission with in-world transmission screens (Kuva Fortress, Rathuum, etc).
Fixed a script error that could occur if someone started your Guild's Ascension Ceremony right while you were loading into a mission.
Fixed a script error that could occur if a Host Migration interrupted an Eidolon Hunt while the Shrine was enabled.
Fixed a script error that would occur if you viewed the Excavator Codex entry.
Fixed a script error that could occur during Ghoul Purge Bounties.
Fixed a script error when quitting Warframe while in Cetus. 
Fixed a script error related to Garuda's Talons.

## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.12
**Date:** 2020-04-14T13:32:16Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: 27.3.12:
Yesterday we Hotdropped a fix that addressed the generic Rifle Riven by removing the ability to roll/Trade a generic Rifle Riven.
For those that own a generic Rifle Riven, this Hotfix will overwrite & reroll to an eligible Riven of a specific weapon, and then refund any Endo/Kuva that was spent on the generic Rifle Riven.
If you have Traded for X and you do not like your replacement Riven please contact Support for further options!

### Fixes
Fixed UI breaking in Murex Raid due to Host vs Client load times. 
Fixed an erroneous amount of Flotillas being created around the start of a Murex Wave.
Fixed Arcane Momentum not activating for Critical shots on the Condrix.
Fixing script error occurring when the Aerolyst uses its wing attack.
Fixed a script error when completing a Condrix wave in the Ground Assault mission.
Fixed Randomizing Railjack Glyph through the "Randomize All" option not applying the new Glyph until Railjack Configuration menu is exited.
Fixed a script error when deactivating the Fiery Phoenix Avionic.
Fixed an issue where resetting keyboard/mouse controls for a specific game mode (i.e. Railjack) would break bindings for other game modes (i.e. Jump would be unbound for your general Warframe controls).
Fixed controller triggers not working correctly if bound to an analog action (such as camera up/down in Decoration mode).
Fixed inability to select duplicates of a Mod when using direct text input with a controller. As reported here:
Fixed regression in network bandwidth throttling introduced last week that could cause excess lag and inconsistent game state on clients.
Optimized network connectivity for Towns, Dojos, Relays and Scarlet Spear Kill-Codes.
Optimized shader upload particularly when not using Deferred Rendering.
Optimized Orbiter performance slightly.
Fixed the UI for Clients breaking when playing a Survival mission. 
Fixed some cases where context actions and other UI elements would show the incorrect binding after you change your bindings/settings.
Fixed certain cases where the UI button callout like the one to open Chat would not appear correctly (either no icon or the explicit loc-tag).
Fixed relevant Companion Mods not displaying when filtering by beast/robotic Mod types in the Mod Workbench. 
Fixed ability to set lower than the minimum accepted value for the Decoration Placement option sliders.
Fixed UI overlapping when viewing Arcanes and then opening a Chat link.
Fixed the firewall rules created for the crash handler (they were still pointing to the old path).
Fixed a script error when initiating a K-Drive Race in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error when initiating the 'Help Clem' quest. 
Fixed a script error occurring when playing a Survival mission.

## Scarlet Spear: 27.3.11
**Date:** 2020-04-09T19:32:11Z | **Type:** Update
## Scarlet Spear: TennoGen 27.3.10
**Date:** 2020-04-08T15:02:18Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: Tennogen 27.3.10:
We're still monitoring the overall issue now that this Hotfix is live, as it also contains more logging for this scenario.
The Murex Raid Satellite now must be towed to its correct location before you can deploy the Oplink. 
Upon digging into the logs we've been receiving for the "No Kill Codes" issue, we found that a number of these reports were not receiving Kill Codes because their Satellite was not properly in place, thus making the squad ineligible to receive Kill Codes. Most squads followed this flow already so it shouldn't feel too different
just a precaution for those who don't park their Satellite in its designated zone! 
The Aerolyst canister mechanic now has a 10 second cooldown before the canisters refill after becoming stunned from destroying all of them. 
Our intentions here are to alleviate some frustration over the Aerolyst canister mechanic that we've been receiving. If you were quick to dispatch the Aerolyst before you likely won't notice a difference!
Fixed inability to destroy the Aerolyst's canisters if you were attacking in Limbo's Rift.
Fixed Operator Magus Arcanes not functioning in consecutive Murex Raids.
Fixed a rare progression stopper where the Condrix remains invulnerable while open after a Host Migration occurs.
Fixed an edge case where Clients who joined a Murex Raid mission in progress wouldn't receive intermittent rewards that appear after each Murex is driven away.
Fixed an edge case script error that occurred when receiving a Kill Code, which could result in not receiving said Kill Code.
Fixed a script error when a Murex Wave succeeds during a mission.
Fixed a script error when deploying your Oplink in the Ground Assault mission.
Fixed various script errors related to stabbing a Kuva Lich.
Removed the mention of 'Archwing Catapult maneuvers' from the Engineering Intrinsics description due to none of its Ranks relating to the Archwing Slingshot. You can find Archwing Slingshot improvements under the Gunnery Intrinsic!
Replaced the Atlas Prime Helmet Blueprint with the Atlas Prime Systems blueprint in the Lith N4 Relic that was recently indeed to the mix. 
The Atlas Prime Helmet Blueprint was accidentally put into the Uncommon slot, when it is indeed a Rare piece. 
Fast Traveling to Little Duck in Fortuna as your Warframe will no longer initiate the unskippable dialog with her. Instead, you'll Fast Travel to right beside her but won't initiate the conversation, giving you time to Transfer to your Operator to talk to her.
Updated the Garuda Sakhura Helmet to better match the reflectivity of the body.
Small optimizations towards lighting/shadows on low-end machines when Deferred Rendering in enabled.

### Fixes
Fixed Sentient Battalyst laser party ability not respecting physical Shield abilities, such as Frost's Snowglobe and Atlas' Tectonics, and instead going through the barriers to injure players.
Fixed Client Mercy kills not counting towards Riven 'Finisher kills' challenges.
Fixed incorrect mesh scaling when equipping the Heavy Blade Mizar Skin, making the weapon appear smaller than intended. 
Fixed holding the Corinth Prime incorrectly if the Solstice Skin is equipped on it.
Fixed the Tenno Affinity Icon in the Squad/Player List on the HUD overlapping with the message of Bleeding Out and Reviving.
Fixed some missing FX on Titania's Tribute ability.
Fixed a script crash that could occur if you boarded a K-Drive too soon after entering an open level (Vallis/Plains).
Fixed a script error that could occur when joining a Corpus Gas City mission while someone was activating a secret puzzle.
Fixed a script error when joining-in-progress on a Titania with multiple Tribute buffs active.
Fixed a script error that could occur if Index points were deposited right as you left the Index mission. 
Fixed a script error when Rushing a Dojo room.
Fixed a script error when casting Exacalibur's Radial Javelin.
Fixed a script error when being downed.

## Scarlet Spear: TennoGen 27.3.9
**Date:** 2020-04-07T13:42:45Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: Tennogen 27.3.9:
Added a new Lith N4 Relic that contains the Bronco Prime Blueprint.
This was added to address the issue of no Relics containing the Bronco Prime Blueprint.
Vastly improved the responsiveness of the launcher when shutting it down during a network failure.
Fixed the game possibly having high memory usage if someone was spawning Spore Ephemera in the other room and the game wasn't properly cleaning up due to the player being out of sight.

### Fixes
Fixed players ending up in "ghost Flotillas" if they were in a squad where the Host used a different language and then they left the squad (or the Host disbanded it).
Fixed a case where players would experience a "broken" Flotilla. This could result in getting kicked from the Flotilla, not receiving updates to the Flotilla progress, etc.
Fixed Clients having to 'Skip Cutscene' twice when entering a Murex.
Fixed a case of not receiving your collected items (Avionics, Resources, etc) in Railjack missions until you head back to the Dry Dock.
Fixed the Orokin Derelict showing "Missile Platform" as the name when you aim at it in a Railjack mission.
Fixed inability to use context actions after stabbing a Kuva Lich.
Prevented frozen in time (Atlas Petrify, Limbo Stasis etc) enemies from being affected by Titania's Lantern. The Energy spent to cast will be refunded if the cast fails.
This fixes casting Titania Lantern on an enemy that is frozen in time, resulting in the ability appearing to cast (costs Energy, performs animation) but the target enemy is not affected.
Fixed Corinth Prime Alt Fire not being affected by Multishot Mods.
Fixed a rare crash when the camera does "warp speed" zoom effects so hard that it breaks the laws of cameras.
Fixed becoming invincible when interrupting the Basmu reload and Transferring to the Operator and using Unairu Void Spines.
Another fix towards all future Basmu damage dealing lifesteal to enemies if the 'heal on reload' is interrupted as a Client.
Fixed the Pox missing its AoE Gas cloud.
Fixed being able to exit the Input Bindings screen without something bound to Melee Heavy Attack, which could result in wonky Melee Combo icons.
Fixed a script error when attempting the Sands of Inaros quest.
Fixed a script error that could occur during a mission load due to long Inventory sync.
Fixed a script error that could occur in a large Dojo.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Fish.

## Operation: Scarlet Spear: TennoGen 27.3.8 + 27.3.8.1 + 27.3.8.2
**Date:** 2020-04-02T16:33:08Z | **Type:** Update
## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Titania Prime 27.3.7
**Date:** 2020-03-31T20:11:53Z | **Type:** Update
## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Titania Prime 27.3.6
**Date:** 2020-03-31T17:04:24Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
: Scarlet Spear: Titania Prime 27.3.6:
You can find Titania Prime, Corinth Prime, and Pangolin Prime Relics in their classic spots (Void, Derelict, Defense, Survival, etc) with the addition of Railjack missions. PLUS the Relic rewards from Ground Assault and Murex Raid missions have been replaced by these new Relics in Operation: Scarlet Spear. Check your in-game Codex for Relic drop locations!
Get the newest Prime gear with Titania Prime Access and Prime Accessories here:
Replaced Steel Meridian's Sacrifice of Destreza Prime Handle with Redeemer Prime Blade.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
The usual Riven Disposition changes that come with each new round of Prime Access is being held back until Consoles have been caught up to date with Operation: Scarlet Spear:
Added a 'Waiting for Satellite' UI line when players are in the Murex Raid with their Oplinks down but have neglected to place the Satellite first. A few cases of 'not receiving codes' were a result of user error that this should fix. 
Increased the Sentient AI count per player when Defending Oplinks in the Murex Raid mission.
Previously the number of spawns didn't match up with how many players there were in the squad, and oftentimes there was nothing to Defend against. This should feel more to scale with the number of squadmates present. 
The Flotilla Instance number now displays alongside the Flotilla progress at the center hologram of the Flotilla.
Murex Raid Score is now shown in the mission UI just as it is in the Ground Assault mission.
Players that have not completed the activation of their Railjack (via Reliquary Key) will no longer be allowed to Host the Murex Raid mission, due to conflicting objectives occurring while playing.
Potential fix for players sometimes not uploading their scores, resulting in no placement on the Flotilla leaderboards and no rewards at the end of the Murex Wave.
We've also integrated some internal tracking to better determine the cause of this issue if it continues to happen.
Fixed Solo player squad mission status not being wiped when exiting mission to return to the Flotilla, which resulted in seeing your name in one of the active squads for a Ground/Murex mission.
Fixed a case of players ending up in Scarlet Spear Flotilla 0, even though they were invited to a different Flotilla.
Fixed a case of being in the incorrect Flotilla when inviting a player post Ground/Murex mission.
This could result in numerous issues such as not being connected to the Flotilla chat and inability to form a squad with a player from the same Flotilla.
Fixed the UI incorrectly stating that you were 'Sending Kill Codes' when an Oplink is deployed in a Murex Raid. It will now properly state that you're 'Awaiting Kill Codes'.
Potential fix for having no objective when starting a Murex Raid.
Potential fix for receiving a 'Mission Failed' screen during a Murex Raid if the Flotilla reached 100/100.
Fixed Little Duck's Murex Wave Ending Inbox not indicating the difference between a successful versus failed Murex drive off.
In some cases this was causing confusion as to why Victory Payout was not being received, when in reality the Flotilla they participated in did not successfully meet the 100/100 goal. There are still cases where Victory Payout did not work, but this should mitigate confusion. 
Fixed Flotilla Instance not appearing in Flotilla UI after returning from a Ground/Murex mission.
Fixed a game hitch every time you received a transmission during a Ground/Murex mission.
We're still chasing some hitching transmissions but this fix should solve a good amount of them.
Fixed sometimes spot-loading Railjack cosmetics when loading into a Murex Raid.
Fixed Oplinks placed by a squadmate who has disconnected lingering perpetually.
Fixed objective marker disappearing for squadmates who haven't caught up to the player who sped their way to the Condrix in the Ground Assault mission, leading to some players getting lost on their way to the Condrix.
Fixed Mag's Crush ability forcing the Condrix to close.
Potential fix for a back-to-back Host migration occurring due to the second Host attempting to catch up on rewards during the migration and thus migrating themselves. 
Potential fix for a Host migration resulting in the next Condrix not spawning in the Ground Assault mission.
Fixed the Basmu Alt Fire mode not healing on reload.
Fixed Venari's Healing aura affecting the Oplink.
The Oplink is intended to not be affected by Abilities.
Fixed the Murex II and Murex III Emblems using the Condrix II and Condrix III icons when viewed in Inventory. 
Fixed a script crash that could occur if you were standing on a Railjack exit while travelling between locations.
Fixed script error that could occur when warping in your Railjack
Fixed a script error that occurred when your Railjack had a Hull Breach.
Fixed a script error when placing your Oplink in the Ground Assault mission.
Fixed numerous script errors when exiting an enemy Crewship.
Removed Umbra Forma Blueprint from the Rare Crate drops due to a security issue. Nightwave Series 3: Glassmaker will bring back Umbra Forma as a reward, and we are looking at more secure places to include it back into the droptable. 
Clarified the Split Flight Mod to include 'Non-AOE Bows' in the description.
This is to address that Split Flight cannot be equipped on the Lenz, Kuva Bramma, or Ivara's Artemis Bow.

### Fixes
Fixed Gara's Mass Vitrify walls blocking Coildrives.
Fixed weapons losing function until you land if the Shedu is equipped while in Archwing and you attempt to switch weapons.
Fixed melee magnetism not functioning with Titania's Diwata in Razorwing.
Fixed a rare crash when a zone gets destroyed (Sanctuary Onslaught, etc) in the same frame as a connectivity update.
Fixed Venari's Healing aura affecting Defense Targets.
Fixed the Preparation Mod not functioning if you have no extra Mod Capacity. As reported here:
Fixed losing Melee functionality after Deploying then swapping the Dual Decurions.
Fixed your Warframe spinning endlessly if exiting the Arsenal while previewing a weapon with a controller.
Fixed the Drimper Moa Bracket appearing incorrectly when viewed in Legs' Offerings.
Fixed the Partner MR Locked message when Trading not stating the Mastery Rank. It will now appear as 'PARTNER LOCKED'.
Fixed weapon 'Damage Total' in the Arsenal not appearing for weapons with only one Damage type but can be affected by multishot.
Fixed minor issue in Arsenal Upgrade screen where the stats scrollbar would be out of bounds if you had scrolled to the bottom of a long list of stats and then removed Mods to remove a large amount of those stats.
Fixed a material mismatch between Nova Atomica's Helmet and body.
Fixed Prisma Latron Armor being misaligned when equipped on Nova's Atomica Skin.
Fixed script error if you were upgrading a weapon from Arsenal, then accepted a Trade invite and tried to select Mods to Trade.
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurred in a Survival mission.
Fixed a script error that could occur when playing a Defection mission.
Fixed a script error that could occur when playing an Infested Salvage mission on Eris.
Fixed a script error when attempting to play the Shawzin.
Fixed a script error when using Fireworks.

## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.5
**Date:** 2020-03-27T18:01:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.4
**Date:** 2020-03-26T19:51:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.3
**Date:** 2020-03-25T21:41:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Hotdropped last night:
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.3:
Fixed inability to Trade.
We have changed the way Bonus Victory Payout is calculated to benefit all participating players in Murex Victories. Previously, your Victory Payout was determined by your Rank in the Flotilla (I, II, or III). Now, Victory Payout is calculated by your Best Higher Total Score between Ground or Space multiplied by 2 (capped at 10,000). 100/100 Murex Driven Away before the timer expires is still required to receive Victory Payout.
As an example
if you earn 300 points in a Ground Assault in a Flotilla that drives the Murex away, you will earn 600 Scarlet Credits as a Victory Payout. 
As another example
if you earn 4,000 points in a Murex Raid in a Flotilla that drives the Murex away, you will earn 8,000 Scarlet Credits as a Victory Payout. 
This aims to address some feedback we've been receiving about players who join a Flotilla in progress (ex 70/100 Murex Driven Away, etc) who aren't able to reach a Rank in the Flotilla before it reaches 100/100 Murex Driven Away.
A known issue that we're aware of/investigating are the reports of receiving the wrong amount of Victory Payout respective to the Rank which is earned in the Flotilla. However, there are reports of players receiving the correct amount of Victory Payout, which is why we're continuing to investigate the discrepancies. We have some fixes in the works that will be tested overnight before we submit for a Hotfix.
We have several other known issues we are investigating for Flotilla Kill Code upload progress and bug reports have been helpful in tracking down the issues.
Railjack owners now have the option to either Host a Murex Raid with their own Railjack or Join another Murex Raid.
Squads whose OpLinks are in good condition will now continue to show 'Scanning Kill Codes' as their status to avoid confusion (previously it could change from 'Scanning Kill Codes' to 'Deploying OpLink' if a healthy OpLink status was updated).
Your Scarlet Spear Credit count will now display in Little Duck's store UI similar to how Credits, Platinum, etc are displayed.
Fixed inability to invite other players in the same Flotilla to form a squad.
Fixes towards the Condrix not spawning once you reach the waypoint in the Ground mission.
Fixed scoring discrepancies if a Host migration occurred after the first Condrix in a Ground mission was completed:
The score does not increase at all for the next Condrix that is completed. 
The 3rd Condrix is completed and the score only goes up by 5 for each Kill Code (as if this was the first Condrix to be completed).
Fixed Murex Raid Satellite waypoint not disappearing if a Host migration occurred after driving away the respective Murex.
Fixed a crash when trying to Host a session to rejoin a Scarlet Spear Flotilla.
Fixed a crash when the Aerolyst spawned.
This was a result of the Aerolyst instantly dying when spawned due to player AoE damage. The Aerolyst will now spawn invulnerable for 1 second to avoid this crash and give the poor guy a chance to wiggle his fingers at you!
Fixed Sentient Ramsleds not being removed after warping between Railjack missions.
Fixed a script error when Crewships are encountered in the Murex Raid.
Fixed a script error if Sentient Fighter reinforcements spawn just as the Satellite is destroyed in a Murex Raid.

### Fixes
Fixed Heat Accretion stat comparison not working in the Railjack Configure panel.
Fixed a script error when encountering the Sentient Anomaly POI.
Fixed Ice Spring not having any textures with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Optimized out a number small memory bloats in the type-dep database to reduce the risk of crashes due to relocation (player loadouts in relays, procedural levels, etc).
Fixed high GPU Effects time when shooting Profit Taker's legs with the Imperator Vandal.
Fixed a crash that could occur on slow internet connections if you quit the game while loading into a Relay.
Fixed a crash caused by mashing "Launch Mission" button while matchmaking service was already trying to find/Host/join a mission.
Fixed a crash when viewing Warframe Ability videos in the Arsenal.
Fixed several types of crashes that could occur when travelling to or from Towns, Relays or Dojos.
Fixed Operators not having correct body customizations/proportions.
Fixed certain Armor pieces not fitting correctly on Companions.
Fixed incorrect Energy color on the Nezha Yaksha Helmet. As reported here:
Fixed the transport ships at the end of the Rush mission (Kepler, Phobos) Shield Drones having no hit box, resulting in an inability to complete the mission.
Fixed inability to Chat link Stance Forma.
Fixed a script error that resulted in a crash if a Host migration occurred when you returned to the Orbiter from a Survival mission.
Fixed a script error occurring when loading into a mission while the Pause Menu was open.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Fish.

## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.2
**Date:** 2020-03-25T02:32:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.2:
8+ Hours into Operation: Scarlet Spear has provided some great feedback and bug reporting thanks to you! We have been piling a list together of the Top Feedback Items that the team will be addressing in the coming days:
Lowered the Condrix Health scaling for 2-4 player squads.
Further Ground mission changes in terms of scaling are being discussed
stay tuned!
The Murex Wave timer displayed in the Scarlet Spear Instance selector will now just display at the top, instead of redundantly beside each Instance.
Improved UI/HUD messages for squads whose OpLinks require Reinforcements from players in the Flotilla.
Reduced the distance at which you will see Emblems above players heads in the Flotilla.
Fixed a crash for heavily loaded Scarlet Spear Flotillas.
Fixed a Client crash that occurred when a Host migrated and said Client was punted back to their Orbiter.
Fixed a crash that could occur when loading into a Railjack/Murex Raid mission.
Fixed not receiving earned rewards in a Murex Raid if you returned to the Flotilla manually (less than 5 Murex).
Fixed score discrepancies in the UI when a Host migration occurred in the Ground mission.
Fixed cases of enemies not spawning after multiple mission runs with the Oplink.
Fixed OpLink spawning more FX each time it gets spawned, and duplicate FX being created for each Client. This fix should also slightly improve performance!
Fixed Oplink state appearing as a filepath in the Flotilla squad labels above the Murex/Earth holograms.
Fixed a ghost of Flotilla players appearing in your Railjack upon starting a Murex Raid.
Fixed a script error that resulted in an inability to deploy an Oplink if one was previously destroyed in the mission.
Fixed a script error if the Railjack dies in a Murex Raid.
Fixed a script error in the Scarlet Spear Ground mission due to destroyed OpLink.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash related to Sentinels.
Potential fix for Vulkan drivers crashing the Steam overlay after it's injected into the Launcher.
Fixed the Wreckage capacity limit pulse FX in the Railjack Configuration UI pulsing even when you aren't reaching the limit.
Fixed incorrect reference lines in Nova's Leverian.
Fixed a script error that occurred due to enemies attempting to flee while players are transitioning a level.
Fixed a script error that resulted in forcing squadmates to log out.

## Operation: Scarlet Spear: Hotfix 27.3.1
**Date:** 2020-03-24T19:21:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Operation: Scarlet Spear: 27.3.0
**Date:** 2020-03-24T17:03:07Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Open your eyes to a new Drusus tale with the Nova Leverian! Access the Leverian through the Codex or Market (via Nova).
Mastery Rank 28 Tenno can now practice the Mastery Rank 29 Test in Cephalon Simaris' Relay room!
Added custom reload sounds for the Miter!
Added an option in Captura to 'Enable Self-Knockdown'.

### Changes
Operation: Scarlet Spear: 27.3.0:
"It's a two-prong attack
Ground team and Railjack team! "
Little Duck
Introducing Operation: Scarlet Spear
a brand new event that requires the ultimate effort from the Tenno. The fight against the Sentient Threat has reached new heights
and the Tenno will be using the new "Operation Link" aka OpLink! Ground teams and Space teams will be connected realtime using OpLink
working together to deter the Sentients!
Eligible Tenno will be presented with a brand new Cinematic detailing the state of the world as THE NEW WAR is waged.
During your voyages into the unknown you will stumble across new Sentient enemies
be prepared!
Once again your favourite cross-armed lady, Little Duck, has taken her interest of Exotic Goods even further to aid you in Operation Scarlet Spear. Keep in mind that you won't see all Arcanes in Little Duck's Trade Offerings
we'll be added those manually over time:
For those who have not logged in since before Warframe Revised, you will be presented with a welcome screen that now includes a direct shortcut to The New War Chapters to get you up to speed before you play Operation Scarlet Spear.
We've made a few changes to The New War Chapters section of the Codex:
Selecting a completed New War Chapter will show the End of Quest screen.
Selecting a New War Chapter in progress will show the Quest details like in the Codex.
Gas Effects will continue to tick radial Damage-over-Time for the average of the remaining Effect duration if their host dies. 
Gas Status Area-of-Effect radius increases with the number of stacks, to a max of 10 stacks.
Removed Gas damage resistance from Toxic Ancient Auras.
Increased Hammer Shot Status Chance from 40% to 80%.
Increased Shattering Justice Status Chance from 20% to 90%.
Shattering Justice has also changed from being an additive rankup to a multiplicative rankup.
Increased Stunning Speed Status Chance from 10% to 30%.
No Status Effect will exceed a maximum of 4 stacks, with the exception of Impact which can stack up to 6 times.
Keep in mind there is a cooldown to how quickly you can stack up Impact Status Effects to avoid stunlocking the Kuva Lich.
Radiation does not change the enemy's Faction, and instead of increasing Damage done to enemies with stacks, it increases the Damage taken from enemies who have turned on him/her.
We look forward to your constructive feedback and we work towards applying this to other Bosses/VIPS.
Further performance improvements towards Titania's Lantern when cast on a large group of enemies. This particularly affected systems set to Low Particle Quality.
Improved cache optimization to clean up even more space in the download cache.
Improved world-state synchronization for Alerts, Sorties and other global events (there may have been up to a minute of desync).
Optimized backdrop rendering performance in all levels.
Fixed Codex generation randomizing the block order of the Fragment entries (this should be deterministic to avoid updating several MB of resource for no reason).
Improved game synchronization in hostile network environments.
Added Battle and Tactical Avionic categories in the Avionics Upgrade screen.
Crewship boarding will be denied when the meltdown timer has 3 seconds remaining.
This is to avoid multiple issues with being put into a broken state due to the boarding cinematic competing with the Crewship exploding/attempting to teleport you out.
Removed the hanger door of the Grineer POI with the 'Steal the Destroyer' objective to resolve issues of the door not opening. When in doubt take it out!
Upon returning back to the Railjack after exiting through the Archwing Cannon, you'll now be spawned at the back of the Railjack bridge instead of near the Forging Bay.
Enemies that you're focused on while in a Turret will now display their Status Effect stacks.
Fixed Exo Skold Crewships in the Veil Proxima dropping Mk I Armaments. They will now drop MK III Armaments as intended.
Fixed the UI in the Super Weapon Platform not updating after the Radiator is destroyed for Clients.
Fixed inability to disengage bombs placed by Grineer Boarding Parties if a Host migration occurs during a Railjack mission.
Fixed incorrect Archwing movement animations if you exit the Railjack while Bullet Jumping (Moving left will play the forward animation, moving forward will play the moving right animation, etc).
Fixed a bug where the screenshake from a Grineer Crewship reactor meltdown would linger forever if it was active when the Crewship exploded.
Fixed Grineer fighters attacking the Derelict POI in Veil Proxima missions.
Fixed Vidar Reactors Mk III missing their component modifiers. As reported here:
Fixed Tactical Menu not displaying correct Battle Avionic values that have had their Grid Upgraded in the Dry Dock.
Fixed case of Crewships sometimes staying completely still.
Fixed seeing black boxes when in Turret AR mode.
Fixed Railjack fighters sometimes going out of level bounds while in combat.
Fixed the 'Forge All' button having no effect or sound. 
Fixed having to click the 'Railjack Crew' button twice when selecting it from Dojo Navigation.
Fixed Railjack name text lingering behind when joining another player's squad and loading into their Dry Dock.
Fixed missing looping sounds for Ramsleds in the Saturn Proxima and Veil Proxima.
Fixed a script error when casting the Railjack Void Hole ability.
As per player request, we've reduced Forma, Orokin Catalyst, Orokin Reactor, and Exilus Warframe Adapter build time to 23 hours so that 1 can be built consistently every day.
We are making changes to Magus Lockdown due to it being virtually one of the best CC and Damage combinations in the game. In some cases you can clear waves of Elite Sanctuary Onslaught without even using a Warframe or Weapon, and simply spam Magus Lockdown to victory. This goes well beyond the intended use of it and we are changing it to a CC only Arcane
true to its name
Magus Lockdown!
Magus Lockdown will no longer apply Puncture damage to tethered enemies.
The amount of active Tethers is now limited to 2 per player. 
For example, Void Dash once > one Tether, Void Dash again > 2nd Tether, Void Dash a 3rd time > 3rd Tether, 1st Tether dies etc..
Magus Lockdown no longer affects the Golden Maw due to the Arcane killing the Maw and preventing Quest completion. 
This also fixes a script error when Magus Lockdown activates while encountering a Golden Maw.
Grendel's Nourish now mimic's Titania's Tribute buff selector.
If you're unfamiliar with Titania's Tribute buff selector, this means that Nourish is a tap to cycle/select buff and hold to cast. This is a reverse of how it functioned prior to this Update.
When consumed by Grendel, Sentients now have a max duration they can be consumed before popping out that is affected by diminishing returns.
This change was made to prevent Grendel from prog stopping missions where all Sentients must be exterminated for the mission to succeed. 
Grendel can now consume Grenades
cause why not!
Titania has a new Passive: Titania generates Health for herself and nearby Allies every time she casts an Ability (4hp/second for 20 seconds)! The personal Titania Parkour Boost is staying, just the communal Trampoline isn't.
Titania can now use Blink while in her Razorwing ability!
Fixed casting Titania's Razorwing right as you fall into a teleport volume in the Simulacrum resulting in an infinite white screen.
Updated the Arcane 'DISTILL' term to 'BREAK DOWN' to acquaint new Arcane Management mechanics.
Added tips to the Arcane screen for 'BREAK DOWN', Arcanes that refresh, and how to obtain respective Arcanes. 
Arcanes are now displayed with their respective Icon in the HUD, instead of the generic Arcane icon.
The Rank-Up callout is now displayed to the left of the next Arcane Rank in the Arcane Upgrade screen when using a controller.

Arcanes that are sold in Vendor Offerings will now only show Max Rank tooltip information, and UI indication that the Arcane you're purchasing is Unranked. 
This fixes Arcane tooltips expanding off screen when viewed in Vendor Offerings. 
Clarified Arcane requirements for Arcane Trickery, Arcane Ultimatum, and Exodia Might by adding 'Kill' to the 'On Finisher' line.
Increased Status Chance for the Gunblade type weapons to match new Shotgun Status Chance values.
Made Fall Off changes to the following weapons:
Redeemer 
Fall Off increased from 20-40m to 10-20m.
Redeemer Prime
Fall Off increased from 20-40m to 10-30m.
The Rakta Dark Dagger Shield bonus when damaging an enemy afflicted by Radiation is now only granted if you have Shields.
Atlas' Immovable Passive now also applies to Staggers.
Added support for Bosses to display active Status Effects on their special Health bar.
Removed Stealth Melee bonus always applying to Simulacrum enemies when 'Pause AI' is enabled, thus giving non authentic numbers when testing Loadouts. 
The Warframe Upgrade Arsenal stats now display Resistance values granted by Mods:

Made spawn changes to improve flow of enemies in the Lua Survival tileset.
Removed knockdown from Elite Shield Lancer grenades.
Charging weapons, like the Staticor, previously only showed Charged Attack Damage in the Arsenal stats, we now additionally show Quick Shot Damage values below the Charged Attack stats.
You will no longer receive Ghoul Threat Inbox messages due to their redundancy. 
Enemies inside Void Fissure Spy vaults that are not engaged in combat will no longer become Corrupted. 
This fixes enemies in Void Fissure Spy vaults setting off alarms when becoming Corrupted.

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to restore default controller bindings on PC.
Fixed inability to activate Railjack Abilities bound to the same button as 'MOVE_UP'.
Fixed context actions sometimes not displaying the correct key to use them on controller.
Fixed nonfunctional controller callouts when upgrading Avionics and attempting to filter the type. 
Fixed the controller callouts for "Toggle Interior" and "Randomize All" in the Railjack Customization Menu not functioning properly.
Fixed the Chat window scroll bar moving after each mission when using a controller.
Fixed two Callouts for the same button, Sort and Break Down, in the Arcane Manager Screen when using a controller.
Fixed Rank Up button not appearing outside of the Arcane Equip screen when opened via Foundry.
Fixed enemies marked by Garuda's Seeking Talons not being prone to receiving a Slash Status Effect.
Fixed black squares appearing on the enemy grenade indicators when HDR is enabled.
Fixed black squares appearing in the Railjack HUD with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed black squares appearing in the Arcane Manager screen and Relic Manager screen with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed Nekros' Shadows of the Dead ability appearing wrong when Deferred Rendering is enabled. 
Fixed Teplo Syandana and Nikana Prime materials appearing translucent with Deferred Rendering enabled. 
Fixed black-lit rocks in dioramas with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed lights affecting static/dynamic-only objects with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed a crash when casting Amesha's Warding Grace ability.
Fixed a crash while in the Simulacrum with a bunch of Heavy Gunners spawned.
Fixed Kuva Siphon missions sometimes ceasing to register destruction of the Kuva clouds for the remainder of the mission.
Fixed Meleeing while in Vallis/Plains Archwing to avoid a self-stagger resulting in basic ground functionality breaking until you die/Revive.
Fixed Mercy kills not applying to Rivens with a 'Finisher' challenge.
Fixed dynamic encounters in Orb Vallis causing Drone Defense Health tracks to not appear.
Fixed ice on the vents of the Exploiter Orb not appearing for Clients.
Fixed the HUD disappearing if you look away at the wrong time during the Exploiter Orb boss fight intro. As reported here:
Fixed enemies that possess Damage types that affect Shields directly (Sentient Battalyst, etc) also affecting your Health.
Fixed Exodia Contagion not triggering if your weapon is out of Ammo.
Fixed Mirage's Explosive Legerdemain Augment damaging everything within range, including allies or even the Defense objective, if the Mirage leaves the game session.
Fixed Equinox Duality Augment causing the clone to hold their weapon funny if spawned during Pistol + Glaive mode.
Fixed the Juggernaut's quill-firing attack animation not showing for Clients.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize sometimes making enemies orbit around a central target when 'Magnetic Pull' was maxed with Mods.
Fixed Mag Pulling certain enemies that should not be pushed/pulled.
Fixed missing Kuva Lich image in their farewell transmission when Vanquished. 
Potential fix for Steam rarely and mysteriously uninstalling Warframe.
Fixed inability to install Catalysts on certain weapons (Cernos, Opticor, etc).
Fixed cases where Corpus Ratels were spawning as friendly and thus invincible.
Fixed Radial Attack Mods not having any effect on Tombfinger Kitguns.
Fixed Shield Restores not fully resetting Shield Gate duration.
Fixed the Simulacrum's 'Invincibility' option not applying to Clients. 
Fixed some players receiving duplicate Mastery for the Mote Amp.
The duplicate Mastery will be removed on login. 
Fixed Kuva Shield Lancer having a defective shield that blocks no bullets.
Fixed doing a weird Melee Slam during a Self-Stagger. 
The Slam will occur after the Stagger has finished.
Fixed Heavy Melee Slam Attacks not triggering Hydroid's Passive to spawn a Tentacle.
Fixed Transference triggering Octavia's Inspiration Passive. 
It's intended to only be Octavia's abilities that triggers the buff.
Fixed inability to lift off the ground when casting Hildryn's Aegis Storm ability.
Fixed missions that pre-check eligibility for Archwings not actually checking. 
Fixed receiving an error upon donating more than 9,999,999 Credits to the Leverian Donation Box.
Fixed the Arcane Manager 'Incomplete' section displaying Arcanes that have been max Ranked.
Fixed Ved Xol from The Index having a physics type that allows him to slide around like the Scrambus enemies despite having the animations of a walking enemy.
Fixed Kavats breaking their appearance when spending Platinum to unlock a new Appearance Config Slot. As reported here:
Fixed enemy grenade FX not appearing to pulse/flash for Clients.
Fixed the Ballistica firing its arrows sideways when equipped with the Dali Skin.
Fixed Garuda appearing to hold all Melee weapons in a fisticufs style when viewed in the Market. 
Fixed the Spore Ephemera not scaling when in Archwing.
Fixed Sugatras being misaligned when equipped on the Lacera.
Fixed the Stratus Pistol Skin animating incorrectly in the Arsenal.
Stratus Pistol now stays in the "idle" pose rather than "holstered" when equipped in the Arsenal.
Fixed the "death by fire burnt body material" applying to unintentional meshes.
Fixed the Jet FX colour on Frost's Harka Skin resetting back to default when entering the Navigation panel.
Fixed Prime weapon hilts flicking with small movement.
Fixed unnecessary tracer FX on the Dual Decursion projectile. 
Fixed a missing window portal in the Lua Exterminate tileset.
Fixed missing wall materials in sections of the Grineer Galleon Defense tilesets.
Fixed Dojo Room selection screen appearing to be partially scrolled down upon first opening.
Fixed Companion stat comparisons in the Arsenal being incorrect, as they were somehow being compared to your Warframe.
Fixed Melee weapon damage stats being shown twice in the Arsenal.
Fixed Volatile Runner Enemy Name lingering in the HUD.
Fixed Mastery Rank 15 Interception test UI using old HUD technology.
Fixed Enemy Names appearing offset at low resolutions if the HUD scale is greater than 100.
Fixed the UI sometimes showing the incorrect binding for Reviving. This was most prevalent on Switch, but could happen on other platforms if you changed bindings before dying.
Fixed having to press ESC twice to exit some menus.
Fixed Opticor Quick Attacks being compared to Charged Attacks and showing green numbers as if there is improvement in the stat summary in the Arsenal.
Fixed Melee Stance combos missing their combo instructions if your Melee attack is bound to the mouse wheel scroll up/ down.
Fixed spinning wildly if initiating movement while an Inbox message was forced open.
Fixed global Boosters not displaying in the UI while in mission.
Fixed parts of the DPD (Detailed Purchase Dialog) appearing hidden when changing resolutions.
Fixed longer Research names going off screen in Clan Research Labs.
Fixed '100x Resource' icons appearing squished in Clan Research Labs.
Fixed 'Total' Arsenal Stat positioned incorrectly above Damage values in the UI.
Fixed [PH] tags for Resistance types when looking at a Warframe through a Scanner.
Fixed the Trading Policy popup in the Trade screen coming up every time a Trade is opened for some players.
Fixed Mods showing rankup pips under their name in the tooltip when viewing from a Vendor.
Fixed missing subtitles during final Second Dream cinematic.
Fixed a script error caused by Sentinel Precepts being automatically reactivated in missions where Mods are deactivated/have been removed (Grendel missions).
Fixed a script error when solving the Hydraulus puzzle in Octavia's Anthem Quest. 
Fixed numerous script errors when casting numerous Warframe abilities.
Fixed a script error when a Life Support spawns in a Survival mission.
Fixed a script error when disabling the Alarms in a Survival mission.
Fixed a script error when destroying a Frozen Infested Hive.
Fixed a script error when placing Fireworks.
Fixed a script error when Fishing.

## Warframe Revised: Hotfix 27.2.2
**Date:** 2020-03-06T20:01:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added an 'Incomplete' category to Arcane management screen when accessed via Foundry.

### Changes
Warframe Revised: Hotfix 27.2.2:
Reduced brightness on the Dome Charge FX.
Fixed a crash when aborting a Railjack mission.
Fixed Clients able to stack Railjack upgrades (Engine Boost, Shield Capacity, etc) by exiting and then re-entering the Railjack Configure panel in the Dry Dock.
Fixed the Sentient Anomaly Exterminate objective appearing in the UI again after completing it.
Fixed the Archwing Cannon clipping into the camera view.
Fixed a script error related to encountering a Crewship.
Arsenal Stats now show Radial data and fall off when viewing a Weapon!
Reduced the following AoE weapons Radial Damage Falloff from central impact that were all previously 90%:
Mutalist Quanta: 50%
Kuva Chakkurr: 30%
Opticor: 60%
Opticor Vandal: 60%
Battacor: 40%
Acceltra: 50%
Ogris: 80%
Kuva Ogris: 80%
Penta: 50%
Secura Penta: 60%
Simulor: 60%
Synoid Simulor: 60%
Tonkor: 70%
Kuva Tonkor: 70%
Zarr: 50%
Ferrox: 40%
Javlok: 30% / Alt Fire 60%
Scourge: 30% / Alt Fire 60%
Astilla: 30%
Phantasma: 50%
Komorex: 40%
Zhuge Prime: 30%
Lenz: 70%
Shedu: 60%
Kuva Seer: 30%
Cyanex: 20%
Angstrum: 40%
Prisma Angstrum: 40%
Kulstar: 40%
Stug: 30%
Akarius: 70%
Staticor: 30% / Alt Fire 90%
Castanas: 40%
Sancti Castanas: 40%
Talons: 50%
Pox: 50%
Tombfinger: 30%
Grattler: 50%
Kuva Ayanga: 50%
Larkspur: 60%
Granmu Prism: 30%
Shraksun Scaffold: 40%
Phahd Scaffold: 40%
Exard Scaffold: 30%
Dissic Scaffold: 60%
Propa Scaffold: 70%
Cerata: 50%
Falcor: 50%
Glaive: 50%
Glaive Prime: 50%
Halikar: 50%
Kestrel: 50%
Orvius: 50%
Pathocyst: 50%
Corinth and Kuva Bramma remain unchanged.
Removed unnecessary dud grenade FX on the Kuva Bramma cluster bombs.
Increased the base Status Chance of Exalted Blade and Desert Wind to 15%, while also changing the Chromatic Blade and Reactive Storm Augments to stack in the same manner other Status Mods do. This was missed in the Status changes but is a necessary change now. The following reflects the new Maximums: 
Chromatic Blade 50% to 300% Status Chance
Reactive Storm 35% to 250% Status Chance
Improved error handling when running out of memory during Launcher Cache optimization.
Removed a dozen unnecessary scripts from Nekros' cloth.
Fixes toward Railjack Battle Avionic 'Void Hole' visual appearance with Deferred Rendering enabled. 
Fixed the Operator Umbra Hood appearing overly shiny with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed issue with glass flickering.

### Fixes
Fixed the following weapons not having the new 'Status' calculations. They also have multiple fire iterations and are valid for large Status Chance like Shotguns received at their base to address the new Status logic:
Quanta 
Quanta Vandal
Convectrix
Phantasma
Ballistica Prime
Fixed inability to complete The War Within Quest if you died as the Operator due to unfunctional Operator Revive screen. As reported here:
Fixed Titania's Tribute ability not extracting an offering from an enemy in the form of an Ability Buff.
Fixed missing Price details (even when you can't purchase) on the Detailed Purchase screen. 
Fixed an issue with Survival Missions causing issues past the 10 minute mark when players Join-in-progress. 
Fixed inboxed Avionics and Arcanes not showing up properly (Prime Time bug!).
Fixed Titania and Hildryn gaining 100% Damage reduction while in their airborne forms (Razorwing, Aegis Storm) when equipped with Aviator, Aerodynamic, and Agility Drift.
Fixed a crash that could occur in missions with Zip-lines.
Fixed rare script crash that would break your Hijack mission if the objective is destroyed at the very last moment before extraction.
Fixed 1:60 chance your Hijack mission would break if you let the Objective get destroyed.
Fixed a script crash that could occur with Hijack missions under heavy lag.
Fixed numerous harmless script crashes on when quitting the game with the Mask of the Revenant Quest active.
Fixed Attachment Energy colors not properly applying to certain particle systems. (mainly an Ephemera issue). As reported here: 
Fixed lighting issues on the Sovereign Syandana.
Fixes towards preprocessed foliage lighting looking wonky in some cases.
Fixed Servofish swimming through the air when moving to Fish in an adjoining lake in Orb Vallis.
Fixed an issue with clashing decorations in the Observatory in the Dojo. 
Fixed issues with the Grineer Shipyards environment's moving parts. 
Fixed the Arcane Manager screen incorrectly showing you how many Max Rank Arcanes you own.
Fixed a script error related to the Kohm.
Fixed a script error related to placing a Loc-Pin.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Fish in Orb Vallis.
Fixed a script error when selecting Fishing Bait.
Fixed a script error related to using the Scanner.

## Warframe Revised: Hotfix 27.2.1
**Date:** 2020-03-05T23:06:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Warframe Revised: Hotfix 27.2.1:
Increased Cernos Prime 10% Status Chance per projectile to 30% Status Chance per projectile.
Decreased the distance to point of impact that Self Stagger is inflicted with the Shedu due to having a large AoE range.
Slightly reduced Mag's Magnetize 'Magnetic Pull' strength to be more balanced with max level Strength Mods.
Slightly toned down Wisp's cloak particles as they have gotten too large with some distance scaling.
Removed unreleased (also unplayable) Railjack node.
Removed a placeholder Beacon mesh from the Sentient Anomaly tileset.
Removed an extra copy of Upgrades/Mods in the Training section of the Codex.
Fixed missing Star Chart node lines when HDR is enabled.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to complete the Sentient Anomaly mission due to objective resetting.
Fixed Clients Piloting the Railjack not seeing enemy damage direction arrows.
Fixed Railjack Battle Avionic icons appearing white in mission.
Fixed a script error when dismounting the Archwing Cannon in Railjack.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Scrap a selected Armament.
Fixed a script error after Scrapping Wreckage.
Optimizations towards improving the launcher's handling of 3rd party software interfering with content update.
Fixed a crash that could occur in the Silver Grove tiles on Earth if you had Particle Effect Quality on some of the lower settings.
Fixed a crash on startup, particularly affecting systems with AMD GPUs.
Fixed a crash happening when watching some of the Cinematics in the Codex with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed Display Decorations disappearing under certain conditions with Deferred Rendering enabled.
Fixed a crash when joining an Orb Vallis mission in progress while the Host was on a K-Drive.
Fixed a crash when dying in Archwing if you have a Damage over Time Status Effect and your Sentinel attempts to Revive you.
Fixed inability to Unveil Rivens if they have a 'mission completion' Challenge.
Fixed Napalm Grenades dealing self damage
get that garbage outta here!
Fixed multiple Impact Status Effects in a single damage event causing incorrect Stagger. 
Fixed Phage Status Chance showing incorrectly in the Arsenal/Market UI.
Fixes Decorations in the Temple of Honor room in Dojos being shifted.
This fix should retroactively put your Decorations back in their place before the shift
granted you didn't move them.
Fixed the Cipher x100 Research not granting 3000 Clan Affinity. 
Fixed the Arcane Manager 'UPGRADED' value not counting Arcanes that are Rank 3+.
Fixed becoming permanently invincible in the Simulacrum after toggling Invincibility.
Fixed Companion Invincibility option in the Simulacrum resetting if you die or make changes in the Arsenal.
Fixed Happy Zephyr unintentionally enjoying the benefits of Shield Gating.
Fixed cases where you could equip two of the same Operator Arcane simultaneously.
Fixed some unreleased items being Chat linkable.
Fixed erroneous floating floor texture appearing in the Earth Cervantes tileset.
Fixed numerous bugs for Clients joining Hijack missions in progress.
Fixed missing Arsenal Damage numbers for Beast Companions (Kubrow, Kavat, Khora's Venari).
Fixed Vasca Kavat Lure meter not moving smoothly.
Fixed numerous script errors when accessing the Fishing HUD.
Fixed a script error when exiting the Chimera Prologue Quest.
Fixed a script error that would occur when opening the Warframe Arcane Manager screen.
Fixed a script error that could occur during the Supply Sabotage Plans of Eidolon encounter.
Fixed a script error when trapping a Synthesis Target in a Kinetic Siphon Trap.
Fixed a script error when the Kinetic Siphon Trap expires.
Fixed a script error when activating a Survival Life Support Capsule.
Fixed a script error when equipping an Arch-Gun.
Fixed a script error when fighting the Ropalolyst.
Fixed a script error related to Bonus stats on Equipment/Weapons.
Fixed a script error when viewing Boosters in the Market.
Fixed a script error when using a Scanner.
Fixed a script error when dying in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a script error when entering a dynamic encounter in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed several harmless script crashes that would occur during a Host migration in Hijack missions.
Fixed unlocalized 'Rank Up' button in the Arcane Manager screen.

## Warframe Revised: Update 27.2.0
**Date:** 2020-03-05T15:32:32Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Prime Vault 27.1.2
**Date:** 2020-02-18T20:34:22Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Empyrean: Prime Vault 27.1.2:
We have removed the back-to-back Kuva Lich weapon mechanic that was added in 26.0.7, where your Kuva Lich would have a guaranteed different Kuva weapon than its immediate predecessor.
With the change of the Kuva Larvling now displaying its birthed Kuva Lich weapon, there was no need to maintain the back-to-back restriction as you can now just choose to ignore or take the back-to-back weapon if you wish you use it for Valence Fusion.
Fixed a crash that could occur if a Kuva Lich applied a Radiation Status Effect to the Defense target on the Lua Stöfler node.
Fixed numerous issues if a Host migration occurred during a Kuva Lich mission:
Fixed getting stuck on the Vanquish/Convert screen if a Host migration occurred while a Client is Vanquishing their Kuva Lich.
Fixed Clients able to kill a recently migrated Host's Kuva Lich, resulting in 1,200 Kuva being rewarded, as well as being able to see the Lich's head mesh idling/walking in place after defeat. As reported here:
Fixed broken reward UI after a Host migration occurs.
Fixed Parazon being stuck equipped after a Host migration occurred during a Kuva Lich Kill attempt.
Fixed a script error when attempting to kill the Kuva Lich and a squadmate disconnects.
Fixed duplicates of Kuva Lich Taxed Rivens not being returned when the Kuva Lich is Vanquished/Converted.
Fixed being in a perma-ragdolled state after attempting to stab a Kuva Lich and failing the Requiem guess.
Fixed mission map lingering on screen after opening the Kuva Lich screen.
As foretold last week, the Ducat selling price of Oberon Prime Systems and Nekros Prime Blueprint have been changed to 65 from 100.
Previously these 2 Prime parts were Rare in older Relics, and have since been moved to Uncommon for their Prime Vault Relics. As Prime Vault opens and closes, we may see more of these Ducat value changes in the future to support the quantity shift. 
Tweaked Toxic Ancients Area of Effect blast FX timing so the FX is visible before the actual damage (at the moment, you'll always be damaged before you see the attack).

### Fixes
Fixed the Avionic Upgrade window auto scrolling up after Upgrading an Avionic, instead of leaving you in the position you were in prior.
Fixed seeing '[HC] Vidar Fire Suppress' when using the Tactical Intrinsic Ability Fire Suppression when your Railjack has both fire and electrical damage.
Fixed a script error in the Sentient Anomaly mission.
Rewrote how Navigation caches the active session counts to reduce latency and reduce server load (it should now update roughly 5x as frequently).
Optimized the Kuva Bramma cluster bombs with and without Mirage's Hall of Mirrors, to address issues with crashing due to FX overload.
Optimized the Hillside Ruin cave in Plains of Eidolon. In some cases, this will result in an increase in performance by as much as 100FPS!
Made systemic micro-optimizations to the UI system (the HUD most importantly).
Improved robustness of the script system by adding native resource tracking to the auto-generated bindings.
Made a micro-optimization when opening the Navigation console.
Fixed an ancient bug on dual-core systems that could cause certain gameplay scripts to crash.
Fixed enemies becoming permanently stuck in Nidus' Larva pod if the ability expires while you're a great distance away.
Fixed inability to jump or use Grendel's Abilities (including cancelling Pulverize) after mantling a ledge in Pulverize ball form as Grendel.
Fixed Clients being able to toggle Gara Mass Vitrify off too early when enough latency was involved, causing them to be unable to destroy it with Shattered Lash.
Fixed cases of the Defense target getting stuck in an infinite falling loop in the Sedna Adaro Sortie Defense mission.
Fixed Ivara Leverian not spawning Ivara Prex if you only have Ivara Prime mastered. 
Fixed the Companion Arsenal UI overlapping with the other tabs in the Arsenal when switching back and forth with a controller.
Fixes towards AI violently spasming when their target enemy disappears from their view.
Fixed losing all mission minimaps after opening the pause Menu while the map was expanded (M).
Fixed incorrect platform icons when selecting an Orbiter Decoration.
Fixed Lisets having missing textures in the mission load in cinematics.
Fixed the Kuva Bramma multi shot sound FX spamming.
Fixed a script error in the Gas City Sabotage mission.
Fixed a script error in the Lua Spy mission when going through Void tears.

## Empyrean: Prime Vault 27.1.1
**Date:** 2020-02-11T18:58:48Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Empyrean: Prime Vault 27.1.1:
Find their Relics in the Void or Bounty rewards today!
Or check out the Prime Vault program here:
Vauban Prime and Ash Prime, as well as their signature Prime Weapons, Accessories, have reentered the Prime Vault and have been removed from the drop tables.
*If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
The next Nightwave Series, Glassmaker, is in development! While Glassmaker work continues, Intermission II is reaching (or perhaps has already reached for some) its maximum Prestige Rank 60. In order for those who have prestiged to Rank 60 to have Intermission II Creds to spend in the Cred Offerings store, more Prestige Ranks must be given. Thus we have increased the maximum prestige Ranks to 90!
Fixed inability to trade a Converted Kuva Lich if you currently have an active Kuva Lich.
Kuva weapon innate bonus damage values now show when you are equipping the weapon in the Arsenal!
Removed the Kuva Bramma from Conclave eligibility due to not being Conclave balanced yet.
Fixed Kuva Larvlings downed by Warframe abilities not displaying their Kuva weapon above their head. As reported here:
Fixed Ally Kuva Liches having the Enthrall ability and Enthralling Tenno factions like Defense Consoles, Sentinels, etc.
Fixed inability to Vanquish/Convert your Kuva Lich if a player in the mission is dead.
Fixes towards diminished Health on a Kuva Lich not being maintained after a Host migration occurs.
Fixes towards Kuva Liches spawning midair in the Jupiter Gas City tileset and falling forever into teleport volumes.
Fixed cases of default Corpus enemies spawning in a Kuva Lich controlled Jupiter Gas City Spy, Sabotage, or Rescue mission once the Objective has been reached. 
Fixed a crash that occurred when a Host migrated while a Kuva Lich was downed.
The Railjack Payload screen will now show the total Ordnance Ammo you have in your account when you're in the Dry Dock, to make it clear that you aren't wasting anything if you craft more than your Railjack can carry.
Fixed ability to spawn Crewships almost indefinitely, resulting in exploitive Intrinsic farming.
Fixed getting a black screen after exiting the Railjack while Transferring to the Operator at the same time.
Fixed inability to Scrap the Fiery Phoenix Battle Avionic due to the description exceeding the screen limits.
Fixed an invisible blocking volume when a Clan Hall is placed just below the Drydock
Fixes towards a script error after returning to the Dry Dock from a Railjack mission.
Fixed a lengthy hitch when switching Loadouts in the Railjack Navigation panel.
You can now access Ivara's Leverian when viewing Ivara Prime in the Codex.
Updated the Warframe crash handler to provide clarity for what the crash handler is requesting of you.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to complete a Mobile Defense mission due to Datamasses disappearing if a Host migration occured. 
Fixed Shade's Ghost Precept Mod not cloaking you in invisibility.
Fixed Host and Clients not appearing in the correct position while inside a streaming tunnel (Railjack, gates of Cetus, etc).
Fixed Ivara's Prex Card appearing overly stretched when viewed in the Codex Fragments section.
Fixed Kuva Bramma explosion and projectile sounds being too loud for non local players.
Fixed Gorgaricus Spores not falling correctly after the sac is shot.
Fixed an issue where Clients would be unable to hit Gorgaricus sacs in some cases.
Fixed equipping Regalia on one side of your Kubrow applying to both sides, resulting in a Regalia overlap. As reported here:
We're working on fixing this issue for Kavats.
Fixed the Left Hulta Leg Guard being offset when equipped on Hydroid Prime. As reported here:
Fixed Chat Linked Mods not displaying correctly when setting Menu Scale to the minimum.
Fixes towards a case of Mods appearing obscured in the Arsenal once returning from a Mission.
Fixed the Codex displaying a broken Requiem Mod after returning from a Mission.
Fixed some filepath Tips on the Mission load screen.
Fixed text appearing in the Arsenal stats when comparing an Archwing.
Fixes towards numerous Glyphs not propagating when searching keywords in the Profile > Glyph screen. 
Fixed spotloading the Vitruvian UI Theme when you do not have it set and we want to use it for a specific screen (IE: the actual Vitruvian).
Fixed a rare case where Warframe might crash while attempting to report another crash.
Fixed a crash when attempting a Conclave match via Dedicated Server.
Fixed a script error when casting numerous Warframe abilities.
Fixed a script error when joining a mission while someone is Fishing.
Fixed a script error when Upgrading Mods.

## Empyrean: Kuva Lich Changes 27.1.0 + 27.1.0.1
**Date:** 2020-02-04T18:58:30Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Drusus has a tale to tell! Visit the new Ivara Leverian to learn more and find her Prex card! You can find the Leverian in the Market or Codex when viewing Ivara!

### Changes
Empyrean: Kuva Lich Changes 27.1.0:
The birth of the very first Kuva Lich came just over 3 months ago (October 31 2019)! A copious amount of Additions, Changes, and Fixes have been made in these 3 months; each one of them touching the surface of feedback, but not fully reaching all the way into the depths. Today, that changes!
If you watched Devstream #136, the 2019 Player Survey showed us that out of the 27,000+ responses, the Kuva Lich system was the 2019 addition that was enjoyed the least. Many players voiced that the Kuva Lich system got progressively less fun the more time and energy was devoted to it. While finding the line between repetition and progress is one Warframe has struggled with since it's first day, Liches highlighted some issues we aim to address while walking that line.
A downed Kuva Larvling will now display an icon of the Kuva weapon that it's birthed Kuva Lich will possess!
This allows players to decide upfront if they want to pursue that weapon by finishing the downed Kuva Larvling, or to ignore and attempt another Lich. The Kuva Larvling will be in this downed state for a max of 30 seconds before it perishes.
Your Kuva Lich will no longer kill you when you fail a Requiem guess, nor will they attempt to break your back. The Parazon stabbing animation will play but the UI will show whether it was a success or failure. Upon receiving a Requiem fail, your Kuva Lich will laugh at you and leave, leaving your back and dignity intact!
Your Kuva weapon duplicates now offer a gradual progression towards a "perfect" Kuva weapon, which would reflect a 60% damage value, if you choose to pursue this path.
We're also looking at other places we could potentially use this mechanic (Railjack, etc)!
As you can see, we've cracked a few eggs to make this omelette! We look forward to your feedback on these Kuva Lich changes!
Increased Converted Kuva Lich minimum time to 2 minutes.
Increased Converted Kuva Lich Damage Per Second with damage bonus upgrade 3x.
Fixed Converted Kuva Liches not using their abilities.
Doubled the chance of a Kuva Lich to have a Vengeful Ephemera from 10% to 20%!
Known Requiem/attempts now also appear in your Parazon Upgrade screen!
Changed all Kuva Thrall markers to consistently reflect the new icon brought in 27.0.11. This includes the minimap and when waypointing a Kuva Thrall.
Kuva pickup/rewards are now displayed as the fancy banner UI, similar to Argon.
Kuva Liches can no longer be Parazon stabbed as they are escaping. This resulted in invisible animations, and the UI unveiling if your Requiem Mod guess was correct but not registering it, thus not ranking up your Kuva Lich.
Cleaned up visual metal chunks from the Kuva Liches Carapace (Iron Skin) ability.
You can now search the Kuva Lich History Codex section by name, Kuva weapon, and Ephemera.
Fixed Lich 'Ruse' clones displaying the default Excalibur Helmet on their shoulder instead of the same Warframe Helmet as their owner. 
Fixed Nidus Helmet Armor not appearing grayscale on Kuva Liches.
Fixed certain enemy types being allowed to be spawned as Kuva Thralls that shouldn't be.
Fixed cases of the Kuva Lich ping-ponging between locations when engaging its target.
Fixed script error when changing resolution while in the Kuva Lich screen.
A note from our Sound Team: "We recorded many different real guitars to make this electric guitar Shawzin sound heavy. The sounds are a result of blending these different guitar tones together. Each of the notes has a couple of different variations so when you play it, it will sound like a realistic electric guitar."
Omni tool is now available as a Gear item in your Inventory (Archwing Quest completion required)! This allows you to place the Omni tool in your preferred Gear spot for quick access!
If you forget to equip the Omni tool in your Gear upon entering a Railjack mission it will still be given to you for the mission.
Increased maximum power for Zekti Predator Avionic to 80%, from 72%
This Avionic was slightly under-performing its cheaper Vidar equivalent.
'Show Equipped' will now show ranked Avionics that are equipped even when 'Show Ranked' is disabled.
Hijacked Crewships now start the reactor meltdown sequence when they reach zero health.
Ordnance weapon icons now become translucent while in cooldown, and will reflect a timer icon to better indicate it's current cooldown state.
Changed Railjack Engine Component rating stats from Kilometers Per Hour to Meters Per Second to be consistent in the equipped stats.
Fixed Railjack Speed stat showing a higher number than your in-game movement speed.
This fix needs some explanation.
First of all, a bit of trivia, Railjack operates at a different scale than the rest of Warframe.
Perhaps some of you have seen space-time breaking down in the form of truly enormous cats...
The Speed that was being shown in the drydock in your ship Stats was in the wrong scale and gave numbers that were inaccurate.
This also caused the bonus given by your engine, displayed in kilometers-per-hour, to be wrong: an engine might say that it gave an extra 30km per hour, but give far far more than that in the Stats if you did the math to convert.
This has been fixed so that: 1) your Stats now show the correct Speed for Railjack's world scale, and, 2) your engines are rated in meters per second which matches up to the Stats.
While it may look like your ship's Speed stat in the drydock has gone down significantly, please try flying around in missions and see how your ship handles.
This only fixes how the UI reports the numbers in your Stats.
No change to how fast your ship actually moves is intended, and if your ship doesn't fly at the meters-per-second shown in the Stats then it should be carefully measured and reported as a bug.
Fixed the Railjack Forward Artillery not damaging Crewships past their engines. You should find that the Forward Artillery hits harder and your shot isn't wasted on just destroying the Crewship engines! 
Fixed Crewships not recovering after becoming disabled by your Railjack guns.
Fixed Railjack Host being able to use Navigation before the mission is complete and Clients inability to use Navigation at all when launched from the Dry Dock.
For clarification, the correct functionality is Host and Client can use Railjack Navigation after mission complete and neither can use Navigation before mission complete.
Fixed enemy Captains spawning in the "Asteroid Base Commander" POI and Commanders spawning in the "Kill the Galleon Captain" POI.
Fixed Galvarc Missile Launcher not functioning for Clients.
Fixed Fiery Phoenix not becoming disabled when Flux Energy reaches 0.
Fixed full ranked Flow Burn not being upgraded further when placed into a max rank Grid.
Fixed Battle Avionics remaining disabled for Clients after Railjack is repaired from Critical Breach.
Fixed Dome Charges being consumed when a Client enters the Forward Artillery, regardless of actually firing the BFG.
Fixed issue where Clients would see Forward Artillery reload multiple times while waiting for Host to put Dome Charges in the weapon.
Fixed Clients not seeing Shatter Burst Battle Avionic explosion FX.
Fixed Clients not seeing the missile created by Shatter Burst/Void Hole.
Fixed being left out in space if you were aboard a Crewship when it despawns due to mission completion. 
Fixed cases of losing the Railjack Forge UI if you attempted to activate it while sliding.
Fixed Railjack Ammunition and supplies that were spent during a mission not saving at the end of mission.
Fixed losing custom Railjack Skin/Colors if a Host migration occurred and you were the last remaining player. 
Fixed Railjack Avionic/Salvage pickups sometimes not showing distance markers.
Fixed the camera breaking when Warping to another player while in the Archwing Slingshot.
Fixed Tactical Menu Chase Camera to better reflect the view of the player's camera.
Fixed Dry Dock creating a blocking volume in a room that is built below it.
Fixed issues with selecting Veil/Saturn Proxima nodes when using the controller.
Fixed cooldown bar on Railjack Ordnance burst-fire weapons emptying and not start filling until after the laser's done firing, instead of when you initially fire.
Fixed Railjack Tactical Avionics cooldown tooltip information not applying Intrinsic cooldown reductions from Tactical Response and Swift Tactics.
Fixed Void Cloak cooldown timer not updating when viewing in the Tactical Menu.
Fixed Upgraded Avionics not showing their proper description and stats, such as being Ranked vs Unranked.
Optimizations for the Kuva Fortress tileset. This includes cleaning up wasteful materials, abusive lighting, volumetrics, overdrawn meshes and much more. More optimizations to come!

Made micro-optimizations to a script used in Survival missions.
Improved performance of the Railjack cannons.
Improved performance when using the Imperator Vandal in Railjack.
Optimized runtime lighting in an Earth cave tile.
Optimized real time lighting in the Jupiter Gas City Index tileset.
Optimized the Omni tool to fix a hitch when equipping it.
Made micro-optimizations to a script used for controlling doors. 
Made some micro-optimizations to HUD performance, especially on Railjack.
Made a micro-optimization to UI performance, including while piloting the Railjack.
Made a micro-optimization Railjack POI once sub-objectives have been completed.
Made a micro-optimization to a script that handles fire breaking out on a Railjack.
Made a micro-optimization to Chroma's Effigy ability.
Made a micro-optimization to a script used to animate the Dual Kamas.
Melee Heavy Attacks are no longer able to be triggered by holding 'E', they again live exclusively on Alt-Fire.
The loss of Melee Combo Counter feedback due to spamming Melee drove the vast amounts of requests for Melee Heavy Attack to not be holding 'E'. A toggle for Melee Heavy Attacks is not in the cards, thus Melee Heavy Attacks are now essentially brought back to its original mechanic of having to use Alt-Fire. 
NPCs now have about a second of delay before being able to perceive other players or NPCs that come out of invisibility, regardless of alert state. Previously, combat-state enemies would near instantly retarget in such cases. Seen in:
Removed Riven Mods from the Codex Mod section.
There were a few issues present here: 1) the Codex Mod section not display all of your Rivens Mods, and, 2) the Riven Mods that it did show would point their acquisition to Cephalon Simaris, which only applies to Companion Weapon Rivens. Considering the extensive amount of Rivens possible, this option in the Codex does not function properly, as it would need to look up unique information.
All Gas City, Sanctuary Onslaught, and Elite Sanctuary Onslaught Captura Scenes can now be sold for 3500 Credits for those that have duplicates!
A fully charged throw of the Orvius will now activate its unique enemy suspension mechanic. 
Restored the original default Energy colors of the Limbo Limina Skin and Nekros Irkalla Skin to match its original artist intentions.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to invite people to a squad if your Matchmaking was set to Solo before joining a Public squad via Invite.
Fixed a script error and loss of functionality when viewing Archwing weapons without having the Archwing Quest complete.
Fixed Garuda charging her Dread Heart at full strength from any amount of Energy regen.
This ability now charges at a reduced rate if you are at 0 Energy and incoming regeneration isn't enough to keep with how much Energy the ability wants to drain.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones not shooting the last round in your magazine.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones not animating properly for double/wall jumps.
Fixed Index enemies not attacking Gara's Mass Vitrify wall.
Fixed damage done by Oberon's Hallowed Ground during The Index will dramatically increase if the player is in Operator mode.
Fixed Glaive lifespan timers not functioning correctly for the Host.
Fixed Ivara Navigator not pausing some lifespan timers for projectiles, allowing the projectile to die of old age while you're still controlling it.
Fixed Follow-Through stat changing when the Sigma & Octantis and Cobra & Crane are equipped with a Stance Mod. 
Fixed the Sanctuary Sentinel Mod and Companion Shelter Mod leaving an invulnerable shield lingering forever for the Host if used in a No-Shield Nightmare mission.
Fixed projectile explosion & embed damage not properly using Status Chance upgrades.
Fixed some cases of the 'Deploy Resource Extractor' button losing functionality.
Fixed cases of invulnerable Corpus Turrets.
Fixed K-Drives spawning ridiculously far away after being left on top of water in Orb Vallis.
Fixed Wisp's Agile animation not idling properly when the Shedu is equipped.
Fixed Blade and Whip weapons clipping into Wisp when she runs.
Fixed being able to revive in the ceiling in part of the Grineer Fortress.
Fixed being able to get behind the first Data-Conduit in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed Power Menu UI remaining open when entering a Data-Conduit in Sanctuary Onslaught when using a controller. 
Fixed Orb Vallis/Plains of Eidolon objective markers moving around when in Archwing.
Fixed Companion Weapon Riven Mods not displaying under the 'Mods' tab in Cephalon Simaris' Offerings.
Fixed Nightwave multi-rank up past 30 displaying incorrect tier numbers and prestige status on the rank up popups.
Fixed performance issues with Kela De Thaym's Rollers.
Fixed performance issues with the Ballistica projectile trail FX over long distances.
Fixed an issue where the Defense target's head would float above the cryopod in Defense missions, exposing it to the many dangers of the environment and also the dangers of not having your head connected to your body.
Fixed maggots potentially being created out of bounds when spawned by the death of a Brood Mother.
Fixed animation issues with the Grineer Flameblade causing its second and third attacks in its attack combo to miss its target.
Fixed Lephantis sometimes not immediately dying after all three heads have been destroyed.
Fixed being able to see outside the level from the gate in Cetus.
Fixed Fast Traveling to Fisher Hai-luk teleporting the player midair.
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow arrows not reflecting chosen colors when stuck into objects/enemies. 
Fixed fully default Look Links not applying to your Warframe. 
Fixes toward Look Link colors not applying properly to Kubrows/Kavats/Venari.
Fixed Look Link diorama for Venari appearing squashed and having a normal Kavat tail.
Fixed overwhelming Elemental FX on Titania when she is given an Elemental buff. 
Fixed positional audio not working for stereo/headphone outputs (i.e. a sound playing on the left side of your view would be heard equally in both headphones).
Fixed in-game voice chat not functioning properly (would not play back any audio).
Fixed the voice input/output device toggle in the settings screen not having any effect the first time you tried to change it.
Fixed Pet Companions struggling to path ziplines. As reported here:
Fixed having to click through Market items that only require one step to purchase (Relic Packs, etc), instead of displaying the quantity confirmation UI right away.
Fixed ability to escape the Grineer Settlement tileset level bounds via Nezha's Blazing Chakram.
Fixed missing door frames in the Grineer Settlement Sabotage Tileset.
Fixed missing minimap in part of the Grineer Shipyard.
Fixed a teleport volume in part of the Grineer Sealab that was larger than it should be.
Fixed a hole in part of the Grineer Sealab.
Fixed a rock that was missing collision in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed a rock clipping into a vent on the Corpus outpost.
Fixed extra music loop playing when selecting Little Duck's Exotic Goods.
Fixed Simulacrum Ammo pickup playing the 'Shield recharge' sound.
Fixed inaccurate Archwing quest tutorial text.
Fixed several potential script errors caused by Warframe abilities.
Fixed a script error that could break various Drone escort missions (including Plague Star).
Fixed a script error when changing loadouts while in Fortuna.
Fixed a script error that could break an bounty stage if the objective was destroyed right at the last moment.
Fixed a script error for Clients when changing Arch-Guns in the Arsenal in Simulacrum while another Arch-Gun is already equipped.
Fixed possible script error that could occur if you aborted a mission right as a missile locked onto your archwing.
Fixed script error that could occur if you joined a mission while the host was running a K-Drive race.
Fixed a script error when your Sentinel activates the Revenge Precept.
Fixed a script error when your Kubrow activates the Stalk Precept.
Fixed a script error related to a ragdolled enemy in Orb Vallis.
Fixed numerous script errors when casting certain Warframe abilities.
Fixed a script error related to Nidus' Undying Passive.
Fixed some inaccurate LOC text.
Fixed a script error if you viewed a Kuva Lich or Parazon Modding screen with 3 known Requiems.
Fixed the KUVA HIND and KUVA NUKOR names being replaced by KUVA SHILDEG in languages other than English.
Fixed a crash when aiming with Quatz (possibly other similar weapons that change fire mode on aim) and switching weapons while Mirage Hall of Mirrors is active.
Fixed the Cautious Shot Mod stacking each time you enter/exit Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed Hildryn's Balefire charged shots not displaying "Drain per Shot" and "Damage" for charged shots when viewed in the Arsenal.
Fixed Hildryn's Balefire Surge Augment triggering when hitting allies.
Fixed Baruuk's Reactive Storm Augment resetting the Status Chance back to non-Augmented values after a direct punch to someone.
Fixed Client unable to see blue bubble FX from Sanctuary and Shelter Mods.
Fixed the Lanx Codex diorama appearing very dark.

## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.12 + 27.0.12.1
**Date:** 2020-01-23T15:36:07Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.11 - 27.0.11.3
**Date:** 2020-01-16T18:22:26Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.10
**Date:** 2020-01-10T21:04:20Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.9
**Date:** 2020-01-09T16:43:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.9:
Armor value changes:
Flak: 300 to 150
Elite Flak: 350 to 175
Taktis: 250 to 125
Elite Taktis: 350 to 175
Cutter: 250 to 125
Elite Cutter: 300 to 150
Outrider: 800 to 300
Elite Outrider: 800 to 400
Health value changes:
Flak health: 250 to 375
Taktis health: 200 to 300
Cutter health: 200 to 300
Our intent is to make Railjack weapons more effective on their own. As such, Rhino's Roar and Saryn's Toxic Lash no longer unintentionally affect Railjack weapons, as per [DE]Marcus' post here:
Elite Exo Taktis
Elite Kosma Cutter
Elite Gyre Cutter
Elite Exo Taktis
Elite Exo Flak
Elite Exo Cutter
Elite Exo Flak
Elite Exo Cutter
Elite Exo Flak 
Adding Void Hole to Elite Exo Flaks should make it significantly easier to acquire due to their spawn rates, but we will continue to watch all the drops in case they need further changes.
Elite Exo Cutter
Decreased the effectiveness of the Particle proc but increased its Duration
Reduced to 7.5% damage bonus per hit, still stacks, and lasts 20 seconds. The exponential growth and short duration meant this was far more beneficial to rapid-fire guns than anything else.
Increased the effectiveness of the Incendiary proc but decreased its Duration
Double the damage per tick but half the duration; same total damage but in less time to feel more relevant.
Pulsar series
Increased base damage
Increased fall off range
These extremely precise weapons were having trouble competing with the other options available. Increased damage by about 10% and increased effective range should help give them a more viable role.
Photor series
Increased fall off range
Extra range and these also benefit indirectly from the improvement to Incendiary status.
Cryophon series
Reduced damage and increased fall off range
Reducing the armor values of enemies made these capable of killing every enemy in a single hit, this brings them back in line with the intended time to kill. Please bear in mind we are actively watching player stats and collecting feedback, and are willing to iterate on balance. 
Zetki House
Reduced Heat Accretion for all Zetki weapon variants apart from Cryophon
This house trades more heat for more damage, but it felt like they were TOO hot for the amount of extra damage you got. Compared to the baseline weapons, Zetki now offers 50% more damage for double heat instead of quadruple heat.
Permanent in-world markers have been added to Avionics and Salvage in Railjack when they drop.
This will allow you to always know what remains on the field of battle, and how to navigate accordingly. Adding awareness to the important loot has been a huge request, and this visibility increase should make sure no loot is left behind. Aside, we are reviewing 'vacuum' range. 
Asterite Resource pickups now reward 2x as much Asterite. 
Asterite costs for Wreckage were going a bit too slowly, so now you will earn it at twice the rate. 
Your Squad Overlay is now visible when in various Railjack modes (Pilot, Weapon, etc).
There's been consistent expression that 'seeing my Squad's status' is important. We have now ensured it's visible when piloting / gunning / etc, and we have added some new iconography to show player states. 
Added 'Squad Status' for Railjack Missions in the Squad Overlay. 
These Icons show what your squadmates are doing, including: pilot, gunner, cannon, Omni Tool, Archwing, at a point of interest, engineering, fighting a boarding team, in slingshot, in Crewship, or just messing around on the Railjack doing nothing specific. 
Intrinsic points can no longer be gained once all available Intrinsics are maxed out. If you are already above the maximum, your additional points have not been lost. 
Railjack minimap is now always fully visible.
Better centered the Railjack Pilot HUD diamond. 
Added new force feedback to all Weapons and Missile Launchers. 
Off-screen space enemy markers in Archwing now show awareness state fill.
Fixed some color and alpha settings on off-screen markers in Archwing for better visibility.
Increased brightness and thickness of enemy markers in Railjack. 
Updated the Railjack name placement on all Skins to be better visible.
Set the maximum length for Railjack Names to 50 characters
in practice, this is almost an increase. The limit before was set by width along the available real estate. Now we have properly conforming names. . 
Optimized camera placements overall when customizing Railjack / viewing aspects. 
The 'Toggle Interior' button now has a checkbox to indicate active state. 
Railjack Health and Shield now show when they are invulnerable (i.e after a Catastrophic Failure Breach). 
Removed HUD markers from missiles launched by Seeker Volley battle avionic, which also fixed enemy HUD markers disappearing. 
The player's view of a Cloaked Railjack (using Void Cloak) is now a more obvious effect.
Railjack name shows in 'edit name' input box.
Railjack name shows in HUD instead of generic 'Railjack'. 
Cargo consoles now show a small effect when they are busy and unavailable to use. 
Controller 'start' button now closes tactical menu instead of opening top menu.
Slightly zoomed out the tactical map when on the railjack, increased visibility of minimap features.
Sorting for Drain will now sort higher Drain to the top.
Added Wreckage count to equip screen.
Fixed Engines Colour customization not working properly. 
Fixed an issue with Railjack stats appearing as the default one when pressing ESC on any part of Components menu.
Fixed missing sounds on a certain Archwing fly-in cinematic. 
Fixed a script error in the Tactical Map. 
Fixed erroneous 'Stealth' component from Railjack gun Huds. 
Fixed Arrows for Railjack markers pointing the wrong way when you have a scaled HUD. 
Fixed Nekros' Shadows of the Dead spawning enemy ships inside Railjacks (lol). 
Fixed an issue where using the Archwing Slingshot with Melee equipped causes issues. 
Fixed an issue where you could use menus while in Archwing Slingshot. 
Fixed the 'Hijacked' Grineer Crewship spawning inside geometry. 
Fixed multiple [HC] tags appearing. 
Fixed an issue where players entering Grineer Ramsleds could travel unknown places. 
Fixed Ivara's Zipline persisting when in Railjack Emplacements. 
Fixed Railjack audio looping when in Landing Craft. 
Fixed the Reliquary Void Branches not persisting. 
Fixed Ballistic and Particle damage icons being swapped in-game. 
Fixed Railjack Slingshot FX colour not updating properly. 
Fixed Railjack Weaponry appearing at odd angles for Clients when dismounting. 
Fixed Clients being permanently dead in Railjacks if they return to a Dojo in the 'Revive' screen. 
Fixed Tactical views of players on Railjack Weaponry not working correctly. 
Fixed overlapping music on mission complete. 
Fixed being able to acquire Revolite by methods other than crafting / preparing Payloads.
Fixed Archwing death causing players to respawn at the beginning of the mission.
Fixed Omni tool equip animation causing loss of functionality when mounting emplacements/piloting.
Fixed Omni Tool having an ammo type (which didn't actually interact with anything).
Fixed multiple crashes that could occur when loading into a mission as a client in a Landing Craft. 
Fixed Omni Tool showing level '0'.
Fixed being able to exit an emplacement without animations instantly by spamming esc multiple times.
Fixed railjack mission complete popup rendering behind the railjack HUD.
Fixed grineer Crewship console disabling the shield when exiting the hack without completing.
Fixed Crewship healing bubble not being seen or affected by clients.
Fixed Sigma Engines displaying incorrect stats.
Fixed some weapons showing incorrect icons.
Fixed railjack engineering 10 intrinsic not working for clients.
Fixed the repair drones not disappearing if someone else repairs the malfunction before the drones finish it.
Fixed drifting sound stopping properly when pilot leaves pilot seat during drifting.
Fixed bug where Intrinsics could be kept on mission abort, which was never intended.
Fixed Archwing bug that would cause Clients to be stuck with normal weapons if they slingshot into a non-Crewship enemy.

### Fixes
Fixed the Jotunheim Oculus being too faded during gameplay. 
Fixed the Cirrus Chest piece interacting poorly with Wisp. 
Fixed the Cirrus Leg Armor being incorrectly placed on several Warframes. 
Fixed an issue where Chroma's Elemental Ward in the 'Fire' mode would subtract health if Operators strayed too far from Warframes. 
Fixed the Quellor being unable to use Ammo Mutation Mods. 
Fixed an issue with Quellor energy colour as per:
Fixed an issue where the Shedu would get stuck after regenerating ammo. 
Fixed Elemental FX not working properly on Excalibur Deluxe Nikana.
Fixed Elemental FX not working properly on Wukong Deluxe Whip.
Fixed a script error in Inaros' Sandstorm. 
Fixed overlapping environmental issues in Grineer Galleons. 
Fixed an issue with the Behemoth Juggernaut boil not being opaque. 
Fixed a false John Prodman icon showing up in Baro's wares... 
Fixed an issue with camera zoom being too close to Grendel after using transference + Pulverize. 
Fixed Daikyu FX issue as reported here:
Fixed Chroma's Electric Elemental Ward not responding to Power Duration Mods. 
Fixed Nezha's Blazing Chakram not working correctly for Clients when charged.
Fixed a script error in Wukong's Celestial Twin ability.
Fixed a script error in Chroma's Effigy ability. 
Fixed Imugi Prime Shoulder pieces always glowing blue when Mirage is using Eclipse. 
Fixed Nezha's FX not properly working on ragdolled enemies. 
Fixed the Shedu using the wrong weapon mesh when disarmed. 
Fixed the Shedu being unable to use Projectile-based Mods (Speed, etc). 
Fixed Ivara Prime's Artemis Bow Prime darkening when viewed in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the permanently black Prisma Koi Sentinel tail
Fixed permanent Water FX on players using Itzal's Arch Line to escape water. 
Fixed incorrect textures on Ivara Prime using the Astrea TennoGen. 
Fixed Nox enemies being turned into Thralls by Liches. 
Fixed Demolishers being turned into Thralls by Liches. 
Fixed FX issues with the Simaris Ship / Dojo Decoration no properly adjusting when moving around. 
Fixed Frost's Snowglobe missing the invulnerability period on cast. 
Fixed an issue with some TennoCon Glyphs appearing the same. 
Fixed missing Venka Melee sounds. 
Fixed Kuva Liches stealing Conclave Rewards. 
Fixed Kuva Tolon Chest Armor having an incorrect icon. 
Fixed a distressed pipe appearing as white instead of red in Jupiter. 
Fixed the Heartwood Armor set clipping with Rhino. 
Fixed lightmaps on pressure plates in old Corpus ship Sabotage core.
Fixed a crate that was spawning within walls on the Grineer Shipyard.
Fixed a minimap that was missing from a section of the Grineer Shipyard.
Fixed Terra Manker's weapon sound playing non-positionally.
Fixed magnetic proc sound playing repeatedly on Shock Eximus Auras.
Fixed a crash caused by an assertion failure.
Fixed Mercy icon appearing on floor for Larvlings.
Fixed Wuush and Meteor whip skins not sitting properly in the hands when used with some whips.
Fixed offsets for Equinox night form leg armor so it sits better on the leg.
Fixed several script crashes caused by Warframe and Archwing abilities.
Fixed an issue with Ciphers that was causing fails not to count properly in fails stat.
Fixed Distortion Overrides not working on objects whose base materials themselves didn't have a distortion shader.
Fixed the Quellor's clip rendering behind the gun if reloading while aiming. 
Fixed clients sometimes not getting Relic reward selection screen.
Fixed Frame display showing when backing out of controller customization while in mission. 
Fixed single emissive colors not showing properly on Equinox and Khora.
Fixed miniature Boiler pods that could get stuck lingering in mid-air.
Fixed violent flickering in Helminth room.
Fixed the too-thick dust in the middle of the Orbiter.
Fixed Imperator GPU particles moving towards the camera.
Fixed various issues with the Kuva Ayangya, including not firing sometimes in space.
Fixed some attachments not showing combo multiplier FX. 
Fixed Saryn Prime appearing covered in a flickering triangle FX when casting Molt or Toxic Lash.

## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.8
**Date:** 2019-12-20T20:51:36Z | **Type:** Update
Our last workweek Hotfix before the holiday break here at the DE studio! We still have lots we want to achieve with Empyrean, such as Wreckage Repair cancelling, Rank 10 Intrinsic balancing, and more! 2020 will bring these more adventurous changes, but we didn't want to leave 2019 without a few more QOL changes and fixes.
### Changes
Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.8:
We'll still be around monitoring for any fires that require our Hotfixing attention
happy holidays, Tenno!
Significantly increased the amount of Common Resources awarded by the End of Mission Rewards. This touches on our plans for Economy balancing within Railjack, and should lend a hand to furthering your Wreckage and Payload crafting projects!
Crewship projectiles no longer seek after Archwings! They'll still attempt to fire at you but they will no longer seek and one-hit-KO your Archwing.
Fixed inability to enter the 'Investigate Anomaly' objective on Ruse War Field. 
Fixed screen turning completely black when inside a Blackhole, forever searching for that guy from that space movie with the books.
Fixed players becoming stuck in an infinite loading tunnel when launching from the Orbiter.
Fixed common crash that could occur when a Crewship was destroyed while someone was aboard.
Fixed a crash when trying to access the Payload screen during Host migration, or at the start of the mission before it's done loading.
Fixed Non-Elite Exo Fighters unable to spawn in Veil Proxima.
Fixed Gyre Elites not dropping Avionics.

### Fixes
Fixed characters in certain languages such as Simplified Chinese not showing correctly in input fields.

## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.7
**Date:** 2019-12-19T22:17:20Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.6.1
**Date:** 2019-12-18T22:54:11Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.5
**Date:** 2019-12-17T23:01:35Z | **Type:** Update
## Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.4
**Date:** 2019-12-17T18:58:02Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Empyrean: Ivara Prime 27.0.4:
Practice stealth as you track your prey, then strike with ruthless precision as Ivara Prime! No hunt is complete without the Baza Prime and Aksomati Prime!
As regal and lethal as a nighttime wood, this is the queen of the hunt in her ultimate form.
The Orokin-engineered definition of silent lethality.
The elegant Aksomati precisely refined to its ultimate manifestation.
You can find Ivara Prime, Baza Prime, and Aksomati Prime Relics in their classic spots (Void, Derelict, Defense, Survival, etc) with the addition of Railjack missions
All Credit Cache Rewards have been replaced with Relics! Check your in-game Codex for Relic drop locations.
Get the newest Prime gear with Ivara Prime Access and Prime Accessories here: 
With this Vaulting comes the shift of the following Syndicate Sacrifices:
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Added Railjack Health perks for performing repairs on the Railjack:
15% of max Health for Fire and Electricity Traps
20% of max Health for Ruptures
30% of max Health for Hull Breaches
Currently a Hull Breach Repair grants you 10 seconds of Railjack invulnerability. With the added Health perk for Hull Breaches, we've tweaked the Railjack Invulnerability time to grant a benefit to those with haste to compensate! Repairing a Hull Breach now grants Railjack invulnerability scaled to the amount of time left on the 'Catastrophic Failure Imminent' timer. You can get anywhere from 5
15 seconds of Railjack invulnerability based on your Hull Breach Repair urgency.
Removed Credit Caches from the Railjack reward table! Relics have been added in Railjack missions to compensate for this.
Increased the cooldown of the Elite Kosma Flak's Shield ability and fixed the shield not actually blocking damage sometimes.
Adjusted hit boxes on the Elite Kosma Flak for improved accuracy. 
Adjustments to the Archwing Cannon firing animation for a less janky launch.
Removed a certain floating prison found in Railjack missions due to numerous collision/sizing issues. It shall return at a later date!
Enabled Push-To-Talk in Railjack keyboard bindings.
Removed Crewship eligibility from the Simulacrum.
Fixed the Sover Strait node missing from Earth Proxima.
Fixed attempting to load to the Dry Dock through the Railjack from the Orbiter sometimes causing infinite loading or a crash.
Fixed a soft lock when attempting to Repair Wreckage in someone else's Dojo.
Fixed a crash when attempting to load into a Railjack mission with a Friend.
Fixed a crash when returning to the Dry Dock from a failed mission.
Fixed a crash when selecting a Shield Array MK III.
Fixed having to re-complete the Railjack objectives if there was a Host migration.
Fixed getting numerous script errors after completing multiple missions and a Host migration occurred. This could result in objectives breaking or not updating after the migration.
Fixed Pilot Intrinsic "Ramming Speed" not functioning. 
Fixed missing Railjack Health after a Host migration occured.
Fixed the 'Ramming Speed' Pilot skill not functioning.
Fixes towards infinite Railjack Void tunnel when transitioning from different levels.
Fixed being placed in a weird state if you tried to launch out of the Railjack Cannon right after the Host did.
Fixed enemy Crewships attempting to fire at things that aren't visible, either due to cover or via being invisible (ie. Itzal).
Fixed discrepancies with End of Mission Intrinsics gained sometimes not displaying correctly.
Fixed Railjack End of Mission results getting stuck on screen if kept open during return to Dry Dock.
Fixes towards Clients not seeing all their gained items on the End of Mission screen when returning to the Dry Dock. 
Fixed not being awarded the Forging Bay Resources from your Railjack mission upon returning to the Dry Dock.
Fixed some Railjack Components not having their upgrades unapplied when the Component is removed.
Fixed Shield Arrays with the Shield redirection buff giving the Railjack an infinite buff. This also removes the resistance buff from the shield redirection buff. Wing Turrets still receive the same damage bonus on next shot.
Fixed the Avionic Scrap screen not displaying the Ranks of Avionics.
Fixed the Avionic Scrap screen perpetually appearing when opening your Inventory screen if you accessed the Scrap screen prior.
Fixed turning invisible if you were in another players Railjack Arsenal when the mission started.
Fixed Railjack walls appearing invisible when a Ramsled hits you while you're in the Nose Turret AR (Augmented Reprojection) mode.
Fixed Warframe ability sounds not playing properly when in a Railjack Turret.
Fixed the Dry Dock platform used to enter the Railjack clipping into it if the Caballero Railjack Skin is equipped.
Fixed base Components displaying a rank [0]. These are base items that have no rank.
Fixed ability to craft more Munition than you can afford in the Payload screen, thus going into the negative values and receiving an error.
Fixed Dredger and Outrider projectiles going through collisions.
Fixed a script error when the Forward Artillery Cannon is charging while someone is transitioning between the Railjack and Archwing.
Fixed cases of the Forward Artillery Cannon becoming stuck when attempting to face your target.
Fixed the Forward Artillery Cannon not functioning after a Host migration has occurred. 
Fixes towards the Railjack appearing very dark (Cy forgot to pay the hydro bill).
Fixed seeing the wrong prompt when attempting to further rank up an already max rank Intrinsic.
Fixed missing texture in the Tactical Menu minimap when it's opened while returning to the Dry Dock.
Fixed duplicate description text for Reactors with the "chance to automatically seal a breach" perk.
Fixed Outriders being stuck to Turrets in their Codex diorama.
Fixed losing your chosen UI Theme when Piloting a Railjack.
Fixed Client audio replication bugs on the Radar Tower in Railjack.
Fixes to some Archwing Cannon sounds not playing correctly.
Fixed Octavia Abilities not properly ducking ambient and combat music in Railjack.
Fixed some overly repetitive Cy transmissions. 
Fixed missing transmissions for Gallen/Asteroid Base points of interest.
Fixed missing descriptions for Chat linked Railjack Resources.
Fixed a script error when using the Omni.
Fixed a script error when viewing/closing the Tactical Menu.
Fixed a script error in the Railjack HUD.
Fixed a script error when a Crewship encounter started. 
Fixed script error that can occur when reviving after dying in a Turret.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to play the Kuva Fortress Pago Spy node.
Fixed being loaded into a completely different mission when attempting to play a dynamic mission types (Kuva Siphons, Syndicate etc) when using Public matchmaking. This only occurred if there were more than one of that mission-type on the same planet at the same time. 
Fixed Sawgaws being near impossible to Tranq.
Fixes towards Excalibur Zato's front cloth clipping which could sometimes result in weird triangle cloth textures.
Fixes towards clipping issues with Excalibur Zato's left shoulder fur cloth.
More fixes towards Syandanas clipping into Titania's Empress Skin.
Fixed the Gear wheel not having correct tooltips when switching back and forth between Gear and Emotes.
Fixed two different weapon sounds being heard when firing Titania's Dex Pixia with the Hawkmoth Skin equipped.
Fixed a script error when viewing Profit-Taker Orb in the Codex.
Fixed script error that could occur when Nullifier dome collides with a Kuva cloud.
Fixed a script error related to Venari.
Fixed script errors when your Kuva Lich would attempt to Dodge or Decoy.
Fixed script errors for numerous Warframe ability castings.
Fixed a script error when the Molecular Conversion Taxon Precept Mod deactivates. 
Fixed a script error when being pulled by a Grineer Scorpion.
Fixed an issue with Grineer Ghouls causing a script error. 
Fixed missing translations in some languages that were being presented in English.

## Empyrean: Hotfix 27.0.3
**Date:** 2019-12-16T15:44:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
*We've made a change related to the Umbra Forma Blueprint reward. These are an intentional reward drop for Railjack missions in the Veil Proxima region (harder enemies, better rewards)! Wires got crossed to have it drop on Earth, which is not intentional.
### Changes
Empyrean: Hotfix 27.0.3:
Corrected Zetki Cryophon stats to their intended values. This fixes the Zetki Cryphon not having stronger damage than the base Cryphon.
Tweaked flares and explosion FX of Fighters and Crewships in Railjack missions.
Fixed incorrect scale and lighting of a certain prison.
Fixed missing collision on some Crewships in Railjack.
Fixed a crash when attempting to join a player's Railjack from their Orbiter.
Fixed a script crash that could kill your Railjack HUD.
Fix for Clients not seeing turret weapon attachment animations in Railjack.
Removed an unnecessary friendship door from Saturn Grineer Asteroid tileset interior.

### Fixes
Fixed missing in-world transmissions on Jupiter's Gas City tileset.
Fixed Terra Embattor Moa's mortar attack breaking if a target was destroyed while being targeted. 
Fixed script crash if an Arbitration Shield Drone tried to protect certain types of NPC.
Fixed a network race condition that could lead to missing Client-side FXs in Hijack missions.
Fixed broken HUD elements in Hijack missions after a Host migration.
Fixed a script error that would occur if a Client joined a fishing party in progress.
Fixed a script error when casting Volt's Discharge ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Nova's Molecular Prime ability.
Fixed a script error related to Kavats.
Fixed a potential script error in the Revenge Sentinel Precept.
Fixed a potential script error in the Unleashed Kubrow Precept.
*Please note that we're still working on getting updated droptables with the new Railjack nodes.

## Empyrean: Hotfix 27.0.2
**Date:** 2019-12-13T22:20:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Please bear with us as we triage and fix issues with the surprise Update! Warframe: Empyrean is indeed here! We will be working diligently to fix major game-breaking issues as they appear. Solid reproduction steps will help us greatly in appropriate forums!
### Changes
Empyrean: Hotfix 27.0.2:
Increased the vacuum radius on Archwing and Railjack 
Railjack 200-250 
Archwing 25-50
Reduced the the hold time to upgrade Avionics by 50%.
Made the number of Fresnels and Nullstones that drop match the number dropped by other rare resources.
Doubled the amount of End of Mission Railjack commons and slightly increased uncommons.
Changed RailJack 'Form A Crew' button to also include 'Select A Mission' instruction
Railjack Avionics, Dirac, and Wreckage can now vacuumed by Archwing.
Changed spawning balance near end of Skirmish missions so there are fewer Crewships and Fighters as objectives near completion.
Reduced damage multiplier on Crewship engines.
Made Crewships more resilient to Archwing fire.
Fixed tooltips reporting the wrong Engineering Intrinsic ranks while trying to craft Munitions and Doma Charges during missions
Fixed Clients bypassing pre-death state of Crewships, causing them to die prematurely.
Fixed Grineer Railjack Boarding Party having some incorrect Melee FX. 
Fixed screen staying dark sometimes after leaving the Railjack customization screen.
Fixed camera getting suck on Reactor Room screen when closing Railjack customization.
Fixed unlocked Railjack Research showing when selecting 'Hide Owned'. 
Fixed 'Hide Owned' not working for Railjack Research.
Fixed Railjack randomize customization so it only selects from owned items.
Fixed cases of not being able to swap Glyphs on Railjack.
Fixed BENDAR CLUSTER node missing from Earth Proxima.
Fixed Fire Rate random buff not applying on Wreckage Railjack Armaments.
Fixed being able to install multiple Railjack Avionics of same parent type, if you have an Avionic of a base type equipped (AKA two of the same Hull Wave Avionics).
Fixed Ramsleds not despawning between Railjack missions. 
Fixed being able to board the Archwing Slingshot in the Railjack while still in Hyperspace.
Fixed the Archwing Slingshot breaking for Clients if they tried to use it immediately after the Host.
Fixed Railjack malfunctions (Hull Breaches, etc) not being cleared on return to Dojo
Fixed a lingering fade-to-black when entering the Railjack from the Dry Dock.
Fixed a crash that occurred if you opened a locker before the Master Key Parazon Mod triggered.
Fixed Crewships not disengaging and warping away after an objective is finished.
Fixed Railjack HUD scaling not saving properly. 
Fixed Orbiter Star Chart not checking Intrinsic requirements for joining Railjack missions.
Fixed script error in Railjack Point of Interest weak point script after a Host migration.
Fixed a bug for Clients where spinning Pulse Turbine blades animation will look laggy.
Fixed a bug with electricity FX not appearing after Pulse Turbine cable destruction.
Fixed left hand clipping on Excalibur Zato idle animation.
Fixed script crash that could occur when a Crewship spawns.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Fighter Escort spawns.
Fixed script crash that could occur when Fabricating in the Dry Dock.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Railjack pilot and guns.
Fixed explosion sounds in Railjack not respecting sound sliders.

### Fixes
Fixed a harmless network race condition that could lead to a script error.
Fixed a number of network race conditions that could break the portal in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Rhino's Iron Skin ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Energy Shell.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Nekros' Desecrate ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Gauss' Redline ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Mirage's Sleight of Hand ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Wukong's Cloud Walker ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Wisp's Reservoirs ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from enemies using Switch Teleport.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Fishing.
Fixed script crash that could occur from completing a Bounty.
Fixed script crash that could occur when fighting Vay Hek.
Fixed script crash that could occur when fighting the Raptor.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Vauban's Minelayer ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur in the Disruption gamemode.
Fixed script crash that could occur from Hildryn's Balefire ability.
Fixed script crash that could occur from a Grineer Scorpion enemy.
Fixed a script crash that could occur when dealing damage with Rakta Dark Dagger.
Fixed script crash that could occur when picking up a Convergence Orb.
Fixed script crash if an Ancient Healer tried to protect certain types of NPC
Fixed script crash that could break specific encounters on the Orb Vallis.

## Empyrean: Hotfix 27.0.1
**Date:** 2019-12-13T06:07:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Empyrean: Update 27
**Date:** 2019-12-13T02:34:29Z | **Type:** Update
## Rising Tide: Hotfix 26.1.3
**Date:** 2019-11-26T19:33:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Rising Tide: Hotfix 26.1.2
**Date:** 2019-11-25T21:20:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Rising Tide: Hotfix 26.1.2:
Improvements towards Orokin Derelict mission markers to address pathing issues.
Reduced Orbiter machine sounds while in Menu screens.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where the 'Chimera' Prologue could not be completed. 
Fixed the Orb Vallis Coildrives driving in erratic circles and sometimes becoming stuck when going off course. This also fixes an inability to complete Coildrive Bounties!
Fixed a recurring issue where hacking a panel on a Corpus tileset would prevent you from hacking it again in the future, potentially locking the player in the room during lockdown.
Potential fix towards Stalker not remaining in the mission if a Host migration occurred while he was out for blood.
Fixed low number of spawns in the second Rising Tide quest mission.
Fixed Companions getting distracted by Roller Floofs while being viewed in the Arsenal, making them near impossible to customize.
Fixed some Dry Dock skyboxes appearing rotated.
Fixed inability to Revive after getting clocked by a submersible mine underwater.
Fixed the 'Ordis Volume' slider option applying to Cy Transmission volume. Cy Transmission volume are now affected by the 'Transmission Volume' slider.
Fixed Archwing boost sound playing when using Titania's Razorwing.
Fixed misaligned Link when viewing the Kludgekil Machete Zaw Skin.
We're chasing a related issue of the FX also being misaligned. 
Fixed a script error when casting Baruuk's Serene Storm ability.
Fixed some holes within the new Orbiter.
Fixed missing description for the Narvarr Prime Armor.
Fixed Audio Options text appearing as boxes or otherwise being smaller than expected.

## Rising Tide: Hotfix 26.1.1
**Date:** 2019-11-23T01:50:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Rising Tide: Hotfix 26.1.1:
Titania now uses the new Archwing flight model. This fixes her current situation of being very janky while in Razorwing.
Removed an unnecessary Railjack camera binding that was a text filepath.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash when attempting to Decorate your Dojo.
Fixed a crash when a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed failed Kuva Lich Parazon stabs showing as two fails. This was just a UI bug, and not actually counting towards two fails.
Fixed low number of spawns in the Rising Tide Quest Defense mission.
Fixed inability to dodge in Archwing.
Fixed overly bright Melee FX when attacking with the Astreos Sword and Shield Skin equipped.
Fixed flickering UI when viewing the Syndicate detail screen. 
Fixed out of memory handler requiring memory to show you the error message.
Fixed a script error when pressing 'L' in the Dry Dock. 
Fixed cases where the Contribution screen in the Dojo would show values past the required amount (ie 600/45 instead of 45/45). This was a rare UI bug that was influenced by the hot server issues experienced shortly after launch.
Fixed broken lighting and reflections in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed a script error when attempting to change the Personal Quarters (Aquarium, Stencil, etc). This was also influenced by the hot server issues attempting to update the database.
Fixed a script error that could occur if Revenant tried to Enthrall without a target.
Arch-Melee target homing mechanic no longer functions correctly on some Arch-Melee weapons.
Struggles with triggering universal Blink on a controller unless bindings are manually rebound.

## Rising Tide: Update 26.1
**Date:** 2019-11-22T21:38:34Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added 2 new in-game Challenges:
We're Gonna Need a Bigger Boat: Enter the Dry Dock.
Some Assembly Required: Assemble a Railjack.

### Changes
Rising Tide: Update 26.1:
The balance of power is tipping. An imminent threat grows stronger, surging across the Origin System. Will you stand against it? Keep pace in the arms race by starting construction on your Clan's Dry Dock!
Build the Dry Dock, assemble your Railjack and prepare for the coming battle. What will begin as a hangar will evolve into your sanctuary, a space to hone and upgrade your ship with powerful technology to become the weapon you'll need. Build the Dry Dock by rallying your clan and contributing Resources to its construction. After that, if you have completed the Second Dream Quest, start the Rising Tide Quest to begin forging your Railjack.
The Grineer threat is mounting and you must rise to meet it. Track down the pieces of a long destroyed Railjack and breathe new life into it with the help of the newest Cephalon, Cy!
Time has not been kind to the Railjacks. You'll need to work with Cephalon Cy to find viable salvage from wreckage across the Origin System. After Cephalon Cy is installed in the Dry Dock, locate the six necessary Railjack components, retrieve them, then return back to the Dry Dock to restore them to glory. Once your Railjack is rebuilt, you'll be able to board and explore your ship. Ignition and flight command requires additional components, which have yet to be located by Cephalon Cy.
This update previews new Resources for future update EMPYREAN! When Empyrean launches, a wide variety of Railjack Specific resources will launch in missions, but we are previewing 4 new Resources early to aid in the construction of your Railjack:
Eximus Units will Drop 2 of the new Resources:
Cubic Diodes = Eximus units on *Europa Ice Planet tileset
Carbides = Eximus units on *Ceres Shipyard tileset
*We've added clarification that the Shipyard tileset on Ceres and Europa Ice Planet tileset on Europa are the nodes that will yield these new Resources.
Doubled the amount of Critical Chance on Melee Rivens and gave the Critical Chance 2x for Heavy Melee.
Amalgam Ripkas changed to 187% Critical Chance (x2 for Heavy Attacks).
True Punishment changed to 100% Additional Combo Count Chance, -50% Combo Duration.
Rank 1, 2, 3, and 4 Liches now drop Kuva for all squad members when a Parazon is used on them
whether that leads to defeat or ranking up, the Kuva is yours on Ranks 1 through 4!
You will recall there was a brief window where Thralls could drop Kuva or a Requiem Relic.
We removed the Kuva, and are now applying it to Liches.
Kuva numbers are balanced against Siphons / Kuva Survival missions, and take into account the fact that multiple Liches spawn in missions.
The aim is to not make this the best Kuva run, just an added value.
Siphons and other missions are meant to be the optimal path.
Rank 5 Liches do not have Kuva as a drop as they could intentionally be kept alive for a vector to acquire Kuva.
The Drops are: Rank 1: 150, Rank 2: 200, Rank 3: 250, Rank 4: 300.
This is lower than some other discussed numbers because we are now letting it share across Squadmates. 
Liches now run away (but don't rank up) if you've downed them 3 times, but don't use your Parazon on them. This allows you to overpower your Lich and have it flee, instead of having the only way to remove it from a Mission be your failure to know a Requiem.
Operators can no longer perform Mercy kills on Larvling or Kuva Lich. Your Warframe is armed with the Parazon for a reason!
More fixes towards Requiem Mod UI lingering on the screen perpetually after failing to Parazon stab the Kuva Lich.
Fixed issue with Requiem Mod UI lingering and not updating properly after performing a Mercy on Kuva Lich as Wisp.
Fixed Kuva Lich despawning after getting downed while temporarily friendly from Revenant's Enthrall.
Fixed issues with the Vanquish / Convert context action appearing on Kuva Liches for Clients.
Fixed Kuva Lich weapons showing as fully Mastered in player Profile before hitting rank 40. Affected accounts should now see the corrected Mastered status based on progress.
Fixed Kuva Lich weapons not being localized in the End Of Mission results screen if you abort or look at last mission results.
Fixed Kuva Lich screen overlapping with the Market UI if the Market is opened while viewing said Kuva Lich screen.
ARCH LINE has replaced Itzal's Blink ability:Launch a tethered hook that either pulls enemies close, or pulls the Warframe towards any stationary objects it hooks onto.
Improved handling of alt-tab when fullscreen, particularly when using the experimental flip-mode optimizations. Please try it again if you had problems before! Please note that there are known issues with Experimental Optimized Flip-Mode when using on cloned displays.
Made the optimized flip-model work if you booted up in native fullscreen before switching to borderless or windowed.
Improved diagnostics for GPU-driver crashes (we now send you to the website for help).
Optimized batch removal of friends to reduce server load.
Made some micro-optimizations to screens with a button-bar.
Made some micro-optimizations to the categorized grid UI.
Made some micro-optimizations to the Mod and Upgrade screens.
Made some micro-optimizations to certain UI scripts.
Made some micro-optimizations to sorting Mods by "recent".
Added a projectile explosion range FX to Garuda's Dread Mirror blood projectile for the local player (one doing the casting) so you can see your output.
Slight trim to the Bloodletting cast animation.
Bloodletting now gives 35% Energy instead of 25%.
Reduced Seeking Talons charge time by around 15%.
Increased Seeking Talons Status Chance from 50 to 75%.
Fixed motion blur on Garuda's Dread Mirror.
Increased maximum Dojo Room capacity from 100 to 128 to accommodate for the new Crimson Branch and Dry Dock additions!
Added a new Captura Orbiter Scene so you can finally take a family photo with you and your 99 Domestik Drones
now with a new skylight!
We now allow the use of Skins on Zaws
this 2 year old request is finally seeing the light of day after some under-the-hood restructuring. If you come across any issues with Exodia, or odd behaviours, please let us know! Skin compatibility is automatically determined by Strike! 
Restored Mirage's Eclipse granting its 'light' buff when Mirage is on fire AND when under the effect of an Electricity Status Effect.
Capatilized Ember's name in her Inferno ability description.

### Fixes
Fixed progression stopper in the Profit Taker fight due to inability to rehack the console.
Fixed enemies in the Mastery Rank 28 test not taking damage when ragdolled by certain CC Abilities. 
Fixed small invisible ledge sticking out along the Plains of Eidolon boundary wall closest to The Ribs.
Fixed a small corridor in the Grineer Shipyard tileset appearing darker than intended from the outside.
Fixed the Zealoid Prelate getting stuck underneath staircases in the Orokin Derelict Emissary Assassinate node.
Fixed Archwing Gox enemy ending up with Storm Trooper level aim when players are too close to it after its laser arm weapon is destroyed.
Fixed a [PH] tag appearing in the verification prompt when trading Requiem Mods.
Fixing enemies losing their weapons permanently if an Ivara casts a Sleep Arrow on them while using a Rampart.
Fixed Atlas, Frost, Valkyr, Nidus, and Oberon's left arm bending in an unsettling way when holding the Opticor with their Noble Animation Sets equipped.
Fixed Corinth being attached to your Warframe's left hand in an awkward position if reload was interrupted.
Fixed K-Drives being able to capture Cases in Fortuna Bounties. As reported here:
Fixed rare case of loading screen hanging when loading into Caloris, Mercury and Relays.
Fixed certain enemies (mostly Hyekkas, Drahks, and Feral Kavats/Kubrows) having poor hit detection while held in Vauban's Bastille.
Fixed passive Focus buffs not being given or restored if the Arsenal is entered/exited in the Simulacrum.
Fixed enemies in Gas City Sabotage not rushing when a hacking console is failed.
Fixed Alad V firing his electric shield ability out of his rear during his boss fight.
Fixed Ballistica's alt fire ammo not being reloaded properly for Clients if equipped with Mods that reload while holstered (ie. Tactical Reload).
Fixed firing and reload animations for Titania's Hawkmoth Skin for her Dex Pixia exalted weapon.
Fixed "No Mods Mode" UI prompt not appearing for Clients in Grendel's Locator missions.
Fixed hitting an Eidolon Lure with a Heavy Slam Attacks causing it to disappear after the lifted status ends and respawn far away.
Fixed level hole in Grineer Shipyard tileset. As reported here:
Fixed level hole in Orokin Moon tileset. As reported here:
Fixed counter for Razorflies missing for Client Titanias until one is either killed or spawned.
Fixed Captain Vor being affected by the melee "Lifted" status in the "Vor's Prize" Quest. He will now stay firmly grounded as he does in all other scenarios.
Fixed the Kohm and Kuva Kohm's Energy ring in the middle of the weapon not using the chosen Energy color.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors Clones dealing Modded damage in Grendel's "No Mods Mode" missions.
Fixed being dragged under the floor after hacking a panel in the "Follow the Stalker" mission in The Second Dream quest.
Fixed being unable to cast Nova's abilities for a period of time after casting Null Star. As reported here:
Fixed Atlas being unaffected by Vauban's Vector Pads. Rocks gotta go fast too.
Fixed the Golden Maw in The War Within quest pursuing the player at a crawl after dropping into the pit.
Fixed Golden Maws in The War Within quest not attacking player-controlled (Transference) Maw.
Fixed being able to Synthesis Scan more than than the maximum number of Scans required per target. 
Fixed "new message" Inbox status being cleared immediately when viewing a new message -
now the message title will stay bold/white along with the green "unopened" envelope icon until you actually click off it (or exit the Inbox screen).
Fixed inability to switch to Primary from the Gear wheel if no Secondary is equipped.
Fixed Domestik Drones colliding with their own spawn points
was causing wobbly pathing as they ran over them.
Fixed Inaros no longer using his Sarcophagus if he dies at any point after using Archwing.
Fixed a small collection of enemies such as Sentients and Amalgams when not alert not turning around to look at you when they should, even if you were pumping their backs full of bullets.
Fixed an incorrect spawn location that was located inside an ice block in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed enemies being unable to get up if they got Rhino Stomped while they were under a Heavy Ground Slam 'lifted' effect.
Fixed the "Advance Time" tool in Captura causing your Warframe's upper body to swivel when aiming down sights/blocking with melee.
Fixed enemy AI having trouble turning around when very close to their target.
Fixed AOE Status Effects such as Electricity or Gas not occurring on killing blows.
Fixed jittering issues with the Jotunheim Syandana's cloth bits.
Fixed Naru Syandana violently clipping through Warframes.
Fixed Khora's movement breaking when inside a Corpus Nullifier bubble with Strangledome active.
Fixed script errors in when Wisp casts her Reservoirs.

## The Old Blood: Prime Vault 26.0.8 + 26.0.8.1
**Date:** 2019-11-19T18:58:01Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a new Arsenal stat titled 'Embed Delay'. Some Area of Effect weapons, like the Zakti or the Lenz, have a delayed explosion after the projectile has hit its target. Embed Delay is the time it takes after impact until the projectile explodes.
Note that the Embed Delay stat will only show for weapons with an Embed Delay value greater than 0.

### Changes
The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.8:
Saryn Prime and Valkyr Prime, as well as their signature Prime Weapons, Accessories, have reentered the Prime Vault and have been removed from the drop tables.
*If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Kuva Quartakk now has force feedback sounds when aiming down its sights.
Fixed Traded Kuva Liches always being Rank 5. They will now be the appropriate Rank 1! This fix was made serverside on Thursday 
Fixed Traded Kuva Liches retaining the Requiem Mod guesses from its previous owner. This fix was made serverside on Friday. 
Fixed ability to trigger the Lich Trading context action while the Crimson Branch is still in the process of being built.
Fixed Kuva Lich Ephemera's appearing too subtle or sometimes not at all when equipped on Companions. This also fixes some Lich Ephemera's not able to be equipped on some Companions. We'll continue to tweak where needed!
Fixed Kuva Larvlings not spawning in certain situations, for real this time
Fixed Requiem Mod UI lingering on the screen perpetually after failing to Parazon stab the Kuva Lich.
Fixed cases where the Kuva Lich won't stop throwing taunt lines at you in the Kuva Lich screen.
Fixed Melee swing speed Mods affecting Parazon finishers on the Kuva Lich. Resulting in broken animations.
Fixed a missing Parazon finisher animation. 
Fixed misaligned Kuva Lich Influence in the Star Chart.
Fixed a few localized languages having compressed Kuva Lich name font.
Fixed Kuva Lich weapon names not being localized in player loadouts on the End of Mission results screen.
Clarified Melee Rivens that have the negative attribute of 'Chance to not gain combo counter' by replacing that line with 'Additional Combo Count Chance' that is seen on other Mods.
Melee Heavy Slam color and camera shake is now only seen on the local player (the one doing the slamming). Clients will still see the awesome FX though! 
Removed the warning that you need to restart after changing the 'Vertical Sync' mode in the in-game Options (this was only true on WinXP).
Replaced the Lith V7 Forma Blueprint reward with the Vectis Prime Barrel to address missing Vectis piece.
Improved diagnostics for GPU-driver crashes (we now send you to the website for help).

### Fixes
Fixing ability to hack a single Corpus Spy console repeatedly, thus gaining an endless amount of XP. 
Fixed the Mod Workbench showing Mod Ranks incorrectly after viewing a Ranked Requiem Mods.
Fixed Riven stats for modular weapons (Kitguns) displaying incorrectly in the Upgrade screen and Riven Cycle screen.
Fixed Zhuge Prime not showing its Radial Attack in Arsenal stats.
Fixed weapons with radial damage and a secondary fire not showing all of their stats in the Market tooltip. 
Fixed issue where Decorations wouldn't properly reset their local position when picked up and placement was cancelled.
Fixed loss of functionality if you scroll too quickly after opening up the loadout selection menu. 
Fixed potential loss of functionality on squad panel UI when entering a mission.
Fixed a number of UI lock-ups if you launched from Discord and attempted to buy Loadout slots or rush items in the Foundry and didn't have enough Platinum to do so.
Fixed a script error if you transitioned to/from Cetus or Fortuna while selecting a song on the Shawzin.
Fixed a script error in the Arsenal when trying to search for a loadout name that does not exist.
Fixed a [PH] tag on some Leverian Prex Cards.
Fixed Riven stats in the Arsenal displaying values as if the weapon has a Disposition of 1, making it appear as if your Riven attributes were cut in half. 
Fixed "unfinished room" error showing up when trying to trade using a regular Trading Post in the Dojo.
Fixed a script error when the console hacking screen closes.
Fixed a script error when viewing a Chat linked Mod.

## The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.7
**Date:** 2019-11-14T21:23:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.6 + 26.0.6.1
**Date:** 2019-11-07T22:13:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.5
**Date:** 2019-11-06T20:50:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.5:
On a laptop with a GTX 1650 running at 720p, a view from the Vallis elevator rose the framerate from 199 to 215 FPS with this option; the gains might be even more significant when playing at high-resolution.
Look for this option under the Display settings panel (Note: it does require restarting the game after changing).
Unfortunately, this option is only available on Windows 10 and may require Windows updates to enable (the Windows 10 Fall Creator's Update in 2017 optimized out a frame of latency with this method).
Note that Native-Fullscreen and console platforms do not need this optimization because there's no desktop window to composite the frame onto in those cases.

As a bonus this option should also improve our Dynamic Resolution optimizations when Vertical Sync is enabled because it allows us to get accurate GPU timings again; for more information on this see need testing and feedback, especially from Streamers and Content Creators, to ensure this option works with their software (since they intercept the frame we send to Windows and this option changes that process). Ideally after some broader testing we can enable it by default and everyone can benefit.
Fixed ground slamming without anyone around as Client counting as a melee strike, which refreshes the Melee Combo Counter.
Fixed Client Initial Combo modifier not working correctly.
Fixed players unable to see Melee slam animation pose for other players.
Fixed Gladiator Mod Set Bonus not applying correctly.
Fixed Weeping Wounds Mod not applying its bonus correctly.
Grendel can now cast Nourish while Pulverize is active
to which we've added a new sound!
Grendel Feast expel deals increased damage based on the number and level of enemies. Also deals the same damage as a radial AoE.
Grendel Regurgitate damage radius increased from 3/3/3/3 to 3/4/5/5 and increased damage scaling.
Grendel Pulverize no longer ends when he runs out of consumed targets, instead it starts draining Energy like Ember's Immolation.
Grendel also gets extra acceleration for Pulverize if he uses Nourish during it.
Added sound to when Grendel stumbles due to running out of Energy.
Fixed Grendel having fast legs after using Pulverize.
Changed Swift Momentum and Empowered Blades Mods description from Charged Attacks/Charged Attack Speed to Heavy Attacks/Heavy Attack Windup Speed.
Tweaked Melee sounds for Scythe, Nunchaku, and Hammer weapons.
Further tweaks for Titania's Empress Razorwing Skin to address cloth issues.
If a Mod is rewarded during an Endless Mission, the 'Battle or Extract' screen will now display how many of that Mod you currently own.
Improved the Clan Emblem Removal Inbox message to provide more clarity. 
Removed overzealous blockers preventing players from going fast. As reported here: 

### Fixes
Fixed some players not being able to purchase the Vasca Kavat Starter Kit.
Fixed a few places where players would get stuck where they would previously be able to move freely (i.e. launching Archwing in Plains or the Mastery Rank 25 test). 
Fixed some NPCs crouch-walking preventing their pathing from being completed in some cases.
Fixed Mods given during an Endless Void Fissure mission covering up the timer on the UI.
Fixed the Mining success UI appearing to have a blocky FX.
Fixed Emblems appearing incorrectly when equipped on a Sentinel Skin.
Fixed Submersible water clipping through levels where there's no swimming allowed. 
Fixed a crash when placing a waypoint on certain objects.
Murmur Discussion (Posted 11/7/19):
Quote
Hey Lich Hunters,
It is obvious by the impassioned responses here that the last hotfix and Murmur changes left a bad taste in some people's mouths. The initial granting of Murmur progression was unintentional, but in those 24 hours, it seems that many of you have enjoyed the incentive to play together for shared benefits on Kuva Lich hunting.
As a result, we are discussing internally about incentives and ways to mitigate some of the pain points many of you have. As always, new systems take some time to settle in and we will be doing several balance passes. Your enemy is a personal one, but Warframe is ultimately a co-op experience and we want to make sure that is encouraged and rewarded fairly.

 Expand

## The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.4 + 26.0.4.1
**Date:** 2019-11-05T16:52:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
It's been 5 days since the launch of Old Blood and we've got our hands full with some great player feedback so far! As of yesterday afternoon 15,000+ Kuva Lich's have been Converted and 85,000+ have been Vanquished; you've been putting in that work! To keep everyone in the loop, we're working on some bigger picture mechanics for the Kuva Lich system coming soon:
### Changes
The Old Blood: Hotfix 26.0.4:
Stay tuned!
Fixed having to toggle Sprint every time you Melee. As reported here:
Fixed Sigma & Octantis and Cobra & Crane not consuming the Melee Combo Counter on Heavy Attack.
Fixed the Parry Mod counter functionality not working properly. Also removed the 'Channeling' requirement.
Fixed a crash when selecting a loadout if your loadout name contains HTML characters such as "Appearance screen, your active Chat window will be instantly populated with your build. Just hit enter to share
whether in a Private Message, with your Clan, or in Region chat! Note that we put a 15 second cool-down to reduce spam!
We also moved the Captura button on the Appearance screen to the upper right-hand corner and updated the icon to better match the Look Link style.
Back in Update 25.4.0 we added the Shawzin to the Market for 40 Platinum
a placeable Decoration to remind you of The Sacrifice. Immediately the comments rolled in of 'I wish we could play it'! And today that day has come:
All Shawzin purchases now come with a free 'Shawzin' Emote that you can equip to play your signature instrument! Those who have already purchased the Shawzin will retroactively have the Emote. With over half a dozen Scales, 3 frets and 3 strings, your song opportunities are endless. We cannot WAIT to see what you all come up with!
We have added 3 new Shawzin Decorations to the market with a different flair:
MIMICA SHAWZIN
custom colour Shawzin! This Shawzin features an adaptive enamel that senses and mimics the coloring of any musician playing it.
DAWN SHAWZIN
Like the morning's first light, this Shawzin will wake the spirit within.
And NELUMBO Shawzin
with it's own sound-pack, it's completely unique!
SHAWZIN has been renamed to DAX SHAWZIN for clarity.
Simply change your Shawzin while using the Emote using the menu provided!
Numerous different musical scales to choose from
Play single notes and chords
Play along with Mandachord rhythm section
Practice songs included (and a "slow playback" feature also available)
"This Is What You Are", "We All Lift Together", and "Smiles From Juran" songs included!
Add vibrato and whammy bar effects
Record your Shawzin songs and share with friends by linking in Chat once you've achieved at least 4 Clems (points) by playing your track back
Shawzin can auto playback songs or you can play along
Metronome mode option (120bpm with quantization feature)
Shawzin music can be heard in Squads and aboard landing crafts. Relays do allow you to play, but you will only hear your music and not your peers.
MOAs, Cetus, and Companions are receiving a touch more player flare. New content designed or inspired by players has been added to Warframe!
The MOAnimation Contest's winning emote by Zeaban works on all MOAs with an Emotion Module installed! Direct a Boast emote at your companion MOA to check out the new reaction.
The winning Venetian Carnival Contest designs are now part of Nakak's shop rotation! Keep an eye out at Nakak's shop to obtain the majestic Norg Mask designed by Roimonstre and the beautiful Mother's Mask designed by HUMERONYMUS.
You can purchase the Prized Companion Skin Pack in the in-game Marketplace! The pack includes both winning skins from the Tenno's Best Friend contest: the Heino Kubrow Skin based on Skvirl's dog and the Deaelra Kavat Skin based on DeaeIra's cat!
Does your love for Infested Aesthetic spread through your being like a festering disease? Start crafting today and get your hands -
or hand-like appendages -
on Infested Dojo pieces that would make Lephantis wriggle with pride.
Added 26 new Warframe Ability Tips in the Ability screen based on community submissions from the official Play Warframe's #tenno-brainstorm Discord channel! Thank you to all those who participated and shared their knowledge. 
Also edited several existing Warframe Ability Tips and replaced some of the tips on Augment Mods with new ones that focus on core ability features.
Added tips to the following screens! Simply hover over the tooltip icon to learn more about:
Nightwave
Loadouts
Syndicates
Relic Manager
Inventory
In Hotfix 25.4.1, we released the Essential Glyphs Bundle inspired by the Random Mod Packs' iconography. Well, since then you've been telling us you want more! So here we are with the "Essential Glyph Bundle 2" to complete this series of Elemental Damage Glyphs. It includes the following six designs that you can purchase from the in-game Market:
Essential Blast Glyph
Essential Corrosive Glyph
Essential Gas Glyph 
Essential Magnetic Glyph
Essential Radiation Glyph
Essential Viral Glyph
Added the ability to replay the following Quests:
Natah
Saya's Vigil
The Jordas Precept
Patient Zero
The Silver Grove
The Archwing
Howl of the Kubrow
Added Clan Room and Decoration XP to the Research tab on Clan Statistics Page. This will help you identify missing affinity if you are close to your next Rank!
Added minimap markers to important NPCs in Iron Wake.
Added a Vintage Corpus Locker Decoration to the Market. 
Eidolon Lenses have been added to the Market!
A new 'Dark Lotus' UI Theme and Background has been added! You can find it under Interface > UI Customization.

Orokin Grineer now have a unique looking grenade! 
Added a 'Recovered Artifacts' section to Simaris' Offerings.
Added Arsenal Ability videos for Chroma, Equinox, and Nezha!
As part of the new rendering tech we showcased during TennoLive, we've implemented a few upgrades that are ready for your viewing pleasure! Metallic surfaces, such as gold and steel (etc), are improved across the whole game to respond better to lights and reflections. This boasts the detail and depth that were always there but hard to see. If you notice any areas or objects that are brighter than expected please let us know!
You may notice slight performance improvements in the Relays. We are upgrading to new tech as time allows
so look forward to more improvements in the future! 
Made micro-optimizations to core math libraries.
Optimized texture decompression.
Made some optimizations for systems with fewer cores (eg: Dual-core laptops with SMT).
Made experimental optimizations to multi-core support.
Made minor quality improvement to indirect lighting on characters. 
Made visibility system performance optimizations.
Optimized several geometry culling functions.
Optimized VOIP automatic gain control.
Optimized particle system color randomization.
Fixed a crash in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed one-frame loading screen drop out.

### Changes
Your total max Riven Slots is now 120 (up from 90)! Should you wish to purchase more Slots, you may now do so (up to 120)! 
Companion Weapon Rivens are available from Simaris' Offerings for Standing (The War Within completion required), and yes, this includes the Artax! 
If you recall back in Update 24.0 we removed Sentinel Weapon Rivens from the pool due to being lackluster in comparison to more applicable weapons. Adding Companion Weapon Rivens to Simaris' Offerings allows players to freely choose these Rivens if they desire, and leaving it out of the general Riven Mod generation pool for those who don't want them. 
The follow Riven challenges now count towards Sentinel kills:
Kill X enemies
Kill X enemies that are on a dropship
Kill X enemies in a row while wall dashing/clinging without touching the ground
When tracking down a bug why Paris Bows were doing less Damage than their Arsenal stats indicated, internal stats were reporting all Bows doing more damage than they actually were. Below is a review of all Bows (with the exception of the Lenz) and increased stats where appropriate:
Normalized quick shots to have the same critical chance/damage and status chance as charged shots.
While reviewing Bow stats the team has also refreshed all their FX (including the Lenz)!
Quick Shot increased from 110 to 190
Charged Shot increased from 220 to 380
Flight Speed increased from 85 to 90
Aim Zoom decreased from 2.23x to 2x
Quick Shot increased from 120 to 205
Charged Shot increased from 225 to 410
Aim Zoom decreased from 2.23x to 2x
Quick Shot increased from 60 to 92
Charged Shot increased from 120 to 184
Flight Speed increased from 85 to 95
Tightened the spread of the vertical fire mode and made the top arrow land on the reticle instead of the middle
Quick Shot increased from 150 to 235
Charged Shot increased from 250 to 470
Status Chance decreased from 50% to 46%
Critical Chance increased from 20% to 34% 
Charged Shot increased from 460 to 700
Flight Speed increased from 135 to 140
Quick Shot increased from 130 to 168
Charged Shot increased from 200 to 336
Quick Shot increased from 120 to 160
Charged Shot increased from 180 to 320
Quick Shot increased from 100 to 115
Charged Shot increased from 120 to 230
Quick Shot increased from 130 to 180
Charged Shot increased from 260 to 360
Flight Speed increased from 85 to 95
Added Objective text, "Return to the Derelict" to the mission.
Added Objective text, "Visit Cephalon Simaris" to match the existing marker when the player arrives in the Relay and enhanced the distance display on the marker.
Added Object text, "Return to Orbiter" after talking to Simaris.
Added a marker after talking to Simaris that guides players to their docked Liset in the hangar.
Updated wording for the Arid Lancer Synthesis stage.
Added a marker to all nodes on Mars where Arid Lancer targets can be found instead of just one.
Changed the "Return to Orbiter" marker to an Extraction marker.
Added "Return to Orbiter" and "Return to Simaris" Objectives to the fifth quest stage.
Added two new markers and hint text that presents the option to run the Synthesis tutorial and obtain Synthesis Scanners and Traps.
Added shiny overlay to destroyable loot crates and made the surrounding glass more transparent.
Updated door materials to be consistent with other updated doors.
Slowed the music memory puzzle to reduce difficulty.
In order to avoid spoilers, Nightwave Acts that require completing content tied to Quests will now be locked unless you have completed the related Quest. Locked Acts will point you to the Quest required to complete in order to unlock it. The following Acts will see this change:
"Don't Fear The Reaper", complete Kuva Siphon Missions, will now require The War Within Quest be completed. 
"Ascendant", complete Halls of Ascension on Lua, will now require The Second Dream Quest be completed. 
"Grove Guardian", kill Silver Grove Specters, will now require The Silver Grove Quest be completed.
Catch-up Acts will now appear once you have less than 3 current-weekly Acts left to complete, as opposed to only appearing once you've completed the whole current week.
Changed Nightwave Act progress / requirement number format (1500 to 1,500).
Fixed overlapping Nightwave UI after viewing an item diorama.
Fixed flickering issues with the orange screens in Episode 3 of Nightwave: The Emissary.
Fixed broken Nightwave UI when skipping through multiple Episode cinematics.
Fixed the Trinity Aura Helmet Blueprint appearing twice in the Nightwave Cred Offerings. 
Fixed Nora Night's Transmissions appearing when loading between Nightwave episodes.

### Fixes
Moving Gauss increases the speed gauge, which in turn increases his shield recharge rate.
A uniquely-styled alternate helmet for Gauss.
Sleek and streamlined, Gauss' signature Syandana is sure to turn heads as you speed by!
Accelerate past the redline with Gauss. This collection includes the Gauss Warframe, Gauss Mag Helmet, Acceltra rapid-fire rocket launcher, and Akarius secondary rocket launchers.
Bound by void and will, Harrow's twilight heart pulses within the sacred casket of a body reinvented. Wield malicious spirits and arcane power with the Harrow Reliquary Collection, and renounce heresy with the Etheria Armor Set and Renuntio Spear!
A shattered being bound by Void and will. Includes the Harrow Reliquary Skin, Renuntio Speargun Skin and Etheria Armor Set.
Will you be able to stop Grineer Ghouls before it's too late? This will be a new player's first encounter with Disruption, and it's balanced accordingly.
Moved Olympus mobile defense from Mars Olympus to Tharsis to replace ice planet Hijack.
Expect higher-than-usual Credit Rewards from this Endless mode. While it may not be a perfect competition for the Index, it'll be a change of pace for those looking to get some Credits with a change of scenery.
The new 'Universal Syndicate Medallion' can also be found in Disruption here!
Moved Spy mission on Neptune Laomedeia to Nereid on the main path.
Replaced Spy mission on Laomedeia with Disruption since it's off the main path (ice planet hijack gets removed in the process as it has Jupiter in its skybox).
If you're looking for how to earn Gauss, he can be earned here on Sedna's Disruption mode!
The new 'Universal Syndicate Medallion' can also be found in Disruption here!
Moved Sabotage from Kelpie to Rusalka to replace Capture
The new 'Universal Syndicate Medallion' can also be found in Disruption here!
The Kuva Fortress has a new endless mode! Here you'll be able to earn Kuva in a new way! First
the mission reward tables themselves. This is of course the obvious choice, but as we developed these tables we know the fact that Boosters don't work on them is an issue. So we've also added Kuva to the Grineer Demolysts that aim to destroy the Conduits of Kuva Disruption! The new 'Universal Syndicate Medallion' can also be found in Disruption here!
Moved defense from Fortress Tamu to Nabuk to replace Capture
A new node has been added on Lua featuring Disruption revisit your past for a chance to earn Somatic Fibres, a necessary component in Lua Lens construction!
The new 'Universal Syndicate Medallion' can also be found in Disruption here!
Disruption has also been added as a possible mission type for Void Fissures, Sorties, Syndicate missions, and more!
A new Focus Lens found only on Lua Disruption which allows you even greater Focus conversion!
We are starting small with this item as it has potential for a large impact on various economy elements that we want to carefully measure, but expect iteration and larger versions of these for rewards! Anything from special Alerts featuring multiple, future drop tables, and more!
Fixed a loss of functionality when using a controller and spamming Y as the round timer runs out in endless missions (Interception or Defense). 
Fixed issue with being unable to scroll through a Bundle's items in the in-game Market after selecting an item to view it and returning to the Bundle when using a controller. 
Fixed Energy color for Secondary Weapons only appearing after they have been selected vs. showing up in preview when using a controller. 
Fixed viewing a Syndicate in the Syndicate panel on the Orbiter while using a controller only having partial functionality for the right stick. 
Fixed missing button callouts for toggling the Somachords 'autoplay' when using a controller.
Fixed inability to deploy your Arch-Gun during the Profit Taker fight you used all of your Arch-Gun Ammo and then attempt to use your Arch-Gun again after the recharge timer has expired. As reported here: 
Fixed loss of functionality when the disabling animation for Exalted Abilities is interrupted (knock downs, bullet jumping, etc.). 
Fixed friendly Mine Osprey Drones from Nekros' Shadows of the Dead causing a progression stopper in Gas City 'kill all remaining enemies' missions due to the Drone not timing out, and not taking allied damage. This also fixes the same progression stopper in Gas City Defense missions due to an inability to end the Wave.
Fixed Wisp's Mote buff having an infinite duration for Clients if they Transfer to the Operator, leaving the Warframe in range of the Motes, and then Transfer back.
Fixed a long-standing bug-turned-exploit with Ivara's Noise Arrow that we'd like to explain in detail so you can understand why we have chosen to fix it now.
The old bug is as follows: Enemies who are attracted to Ivara's Noise Arrow never regain intelligence if Ivara is invisible.
The fix allows them to 'finish' their investigation of the noise and thus regain some form of intelligence.
This was exploitable in conjunction with the way that Interception missions work, and has been in the game for quite a long time on our end. 
Fixed a long-standing issue where Clans were unable to destroy their Orokin Labs if it was created for a Solar Rail back in the day. Destroying the room now will cancel any pending Research tied to it and refund any Resources contributed to the Vault. As reported here: 
Fixed the K-Drive disappearing if riding it from the Plains into the Cetus doorway. Also fixes sometimes being left without the use of Abilities.
Fixed Kitguns having a placeholder text when attempting to pick it up after being disarmed by a Drahk Master. 
Fixed Larkspur beams lagging behind when flying in Archwing.
Fixed the FX on the edge of the War fading out very quickly if the Mara Detron is equipped.
Fixed a Host migration in any Rescue mission before the players locate/free the Hostage resulting in the remaining players having a broken UI.
Fixed some flat lighting when talking to Nakak in Cetus. 
Fixed numerous Syandanas clipping through Wisp's cape. 
Fixed the Archgun Deployer Ammo pickup UI appearing in whatever language the Host is playing in.
Fixed sheathed weapons not taking elemental colors when default Energy color are used (Nikana, Silva/Aegis, etc).
Fixed incoming fire interrupting Gunblade charge attacks.
Fixed the Blind Justice custom idle not playing when equipped.
Fixed Lua Spy vault markers sometimes displaying differently between Host and Clients.
Fixed small ceiling hole in the Gas City Tileset.
Fixed lingering explosion FX on failed Coildrive Ambush Bounty in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed being unable to hit specific body parts with Wisp's Sol Gate. Now you can Sol Gate a Nox's helmet to pieces, and more!
Fixed broken water effects and reflections in the Void Tileset.
Fixed Domus Syandana not connecting properly to Khora's back.
Fixed small map hole under the elevator to Fortuna on the Orb Vallis.
Fixed various older Prime Accessories cosmetics not being linkable in chat.
Fixed an additional stream of bullet FX shooting from the Quatz' grip when a pistol skin is equipped.
Fixed Nezha's Blazing Chakram ability counting towards Fire Accuracy stats.
Fixed Liset doors sometimes disappearing when viewed at certain camera angles.
Fixed being able to jump into Junction ceilings during the Spectre fights as per 
Fixed switching Warframes in the Arsenal and then previewing unpurchased cosmetics via the Arsenal resulting in the Market preview showing the original Warframe you had equipped, not the current one.
Fixed Mesa using her primary weapon in bleedout if it was the last weapon equipped before being downed with Peacemaker active.
Fixed previewing Kubrow Armor in the Market with a Kavat active resulting in the default preview Kubrow's fur clipping through the Armor.
Fixed Ayatan Treasure UI and animations not updating in real time as Stars are installed in the Ayatan Treasures menu.
Fixed Devotee model disappearing after viewing his Codex entry for a few minutes. 
Fixed Amphatz Kubrow armor clipping into bulkier Kubrows. 
Fixed textures on the leg plates of the Amphatz Kubrow Armor stretching during idle animations.
Fixed Fulmin mode swap animation not playing when used in Archwing over the Plains or the Orb Vallis.
Fixed Garuda's Talons not using the proper textures for Clients with the Garuda Successor Skin equipped as per:
Fixed Gift of the Lotus Alerts not showing the mission's level range.
Fixed braid on the back of the Valkyr Leonessa Helmet clipping through her head.
Fixed Titania being spawned inside the ground sometimes when scoring in The Index while in Razorwing.
Fixed offscreen flickering for Khora's Spikes Syandana.
Fixed Quatz clip disappearing if you interrupted reload at just the right time.
Fixed Warframe Ability Tips not appearing in the Ability screen for those playing in Korean and Russian. 
Fixed Operator expressions not working when playing in Russian and Korean. Facial expressions were based on matching English words, but English is stripped from these regions so the neutral expression would always be used.
Fixed performance issues when opening the Inventory on an account that has a lot of items. 
Fixed players watching two Warframes attempt a handshake in Relays, Cetus, and Fortuna not actually seeing it happen. Truly the most secret of handshakes!
Fixed loss of functionality when canceling reload and changing fire modes with Rifles.
Fixed incorrect prompt text in Vor's Prize when attempting to hack console.
Fixed missing translations for some of the Dog Days rewards and items from Nakak's offerings during the event. 
Fixed no mining deposits appearing after returning from Deck 12 even though the mining tool is beeping and showing that there are deposits nearby. 
Fixed the Huntress Bundle diorama in the Market displaying Nova instead of Ivara. 
Fixed Wukong holding the wrong staff in the Market dioramas for the Wukong Samadhi Collection and Wukong Samadhi Skin.
Fixed the Subhuti Syandana clipping through some Warframes' legs. 
Fixed Captain Vor not reacting when taking damage from a silent weapon.
Fixed the Narvarr Prime shoulder armor clipping through Mirage Prime's shoulder plates.
Fixed shotgun shells floating if Corinth's reload was interrupted. 
Fixed the "Watch All" option in The Wolf of Saturn Six only playing the first three dioramas. 
Fixed the Orthos (Prime) changing sizes randomly when cycling through skin options for it, predominantly the Forest-Camo and Tekelu skins.
Fixed Ghouls, Ratel, and Wolf of Saturn Six targeting your Sentinel when it and you are both invisible (eg: Ivara's Prowl, Loki's Invisibility, etc.).
Fixed issue with being unable to swap back to Primary Weapon if the "Auto-Swap on Empty" option is enabled and the weapon runs out of ammo. 
Fixed the Meteor Whip Skin only listing the Lecta as a compatible whip. 
Fixed Iron Staff's Energy drain not occuring when cast with Defy after emptying ammo from the only weapon equipped. 
Fixed being able to clip through a certain wall in the Corpus Outpost tileset. You know the one...
Fixed issue with Lunar Pitchers not spawning in certain areas in the Orokin Moon tileset.
Fixed being able to spawn and "capture" Plains Conservation animals into the Simulacrum. 
Fixed scanning Plains Conservation animals not always counting towards their Codex entry. 
Fixed light ray meshes being too opaque and appearing blocky in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed an issue with Pistol hip fire aim poses that made the gun arm travel left and right a lot more than intended.
Fixed many Syandanas, including the Repala Syandana, reverting back to their default colors after dying. 
Fixed the Wukong Samadhi Skin's Shoulder Armor not appearing when previewing in the Arsenal. 
Fixed some ugly texture stretching on the Wukong Samadhi Iron Staff Skin in the in-game Market. 
Fixed being able to stack the Sniper zoom bonus beyond its intended multiplier by Meleeing while zooming and then transferring to Operator repeatedly. 
Fixed a destroyed Galleon appearing in Saturn's skybox when it should be whole.
Fixed the Narvarr Prime Shoulder Armor clipping through Excalibur Umbra. 
Fixed extremely shiny texture on the Extraction point Orbiter docks. 
Fixed several areas (Foundry, Relic Refinement console, Arsenal, and the Infested Chair) around the Orbiter not having any collision for the Roller Floofs from Dog Days Tactical Alert, causing them to clip through. 
Fixed selecting Sugatras you do not own in the Arsenal defaulting the Melee weapon to its default Skin if you have a Skin equipped.
Fixed missing Map boundary ring during Orb Vallis Excavation Bounty allowing the player to fail the mission without even realizing it until it's too late.
Fixed the Glaxion Festive Skin missing its jolly green glowy lights when equipped on the Glaxion Vandal. 
Fixed missing explosion from the cannons of a Grineer Galleon in the Koro, Kuva Fortress Assault mission. 
Fixed the Magnolia Tree Decoration base disappearing if playing on low quality settings and walking too far away from it. 
Fixed being able to collide with Kubrows and Kavats in the Orbiter. 
Fixed certain NPCs in the Relays popping out of existence at certain camera angles. 
Fixed NPC head tracking in the Relays going bananas when standing behind them. As reported here:
Fixed broken lighting on several doors in Corpus tilesets and made updates to reflections. 
Fixed Coildrive sometimes not arriving to drop off Reinforcements in Orb Vallis Bounties.
Fixed grid icons sometimes being offset and leaving a small gap at the bottom in various menu screens.
Fixed issues with Melee Infested units being unable to step up/step down in certain areas in the Grineer Galleon tileset to engage players. 
Fixed issues with Nova escaping certain maps for easy-mode Defense. 
Fixed a graphics issue with some water textures on Uranus Tilesets. 
Fixed polish and flow issues with The Jordas Precept Quest on the 'use Pherliac Pods' stage. 
Fixed the Pataga Sugatra being unaffected by colour channels when equipped on the Ninkondi or Ninkondi Prime.
Fixed issues with Vents in the Corpus Ship Spy vaults always being closed. 
Fixed an issue where some Market Blueprint cost requirements would show the wrong number of available weapons for building. 
Fixed a level hole in the Plains of Eidolon. As reported here: 
Fixed issues with Ayla, Misa Prime and Pyra Syandana offsets on Banshee Prime. 
Fixed the Jat Kusar default holster position clipping inside Trinity Strega skin. 
Fixed collision issues with Kuva Extractors in Kuva Survival. 
Fixed the Atavist Prime Right Shoulder Plate clipping on the Ash Koga skin. 
Fixed holster issues with the Kronen Prime on numerous Warframes. 
Fixed the Sarva Harness Syandana clipping on Saryn. 
Fixed the quiver of the Daikyu clipping inside Nezha. 
Fixed Emblems being improperly offset on the Rhino Blade of The Lotus Skin.
Fixed a flickering issue with the Sarpa Day of the Dead Skin. 
Partial fixes toward Leg Armor clipping with Frost.
Fixed missing icons for certain Melee Holster pictures. 
Fixed Kubrow Amphatz Armor not lighting properly in-mission. 
Fixed certain Relays showing the incorrect planet in their skyboxes.
Fixed Companions being hurt by electrified water in Orb Vallis caves. 
Fixed Warframes floating with flat feet with the Wisp Agile animation equipped as per:
Fixed Glaive weapons bouncing off of enemies not counting towards its bounce limit.
Fixed Warframe legs moving incredibly fast with multiple movement speed buffs applied. You will still move as quickly, but your run animation will look better!
Fixed Baruuk taking much longer to deploy Spectres. 
Fixed wonky transition to Archwing from the Kuva Fortress during the War Within Quest.
Fixed being able to use Itzal's Blink in Submersible levels to swim or fall outside of the map.
Reduced clipping of Silva & Aegis's blade with the Danaus Sword & Shield Skin equipped.
Fixed Rescue mission UI sometimes being stuck at "Locate Rescue Target" regardless of actual Rescue progress in-mission.
Fixed landing incorrectly on tiles in the final stage of Octavia's Anthem sometimes resulting in the music note FX appearing faint and hard to see.
Fixed mid-Wave Host migrations in Sanctuary Onslaught resulting in pixelated Warframes and enemies until you enter a new portal.
Fixed enemies not properly targeting Gara's Mass Vitrify wall. 
Fixed Operator legs clipping through the Smelter Apparel.
Fixed a box appearing around the Operator when the Infested Spore Ephemera is equipped during the Chimera quest. 
Fixed Submersible enemies spawning outside of the water in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed weapon explosion FX not taking secondary Energy colors.
Fixed Status FX not applying to ragdolled enemies.
Fixed Cyanex's Alt Fire not being affected by Fire Rate Mods.
Fixed inability to equip the Terminal Velocity Mod on the Komorex.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones sometimes using their Primary Fire instead of Alt Fire for the Corinth and Euphona Prime. 
Fixed ships in Archwing Pursuit missions flying in all directions except the one it's supposed to be.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Settlement tileset as per: 
Fixed issue where all Custom Obstacle Course decorations appeared at the centre of the room when a player entered the instance to run the course.
Fixed floating, detached fans on the Jupiter tileset.
Fixed foggy-looking floor reflection in Metis, Jupiter's Spy Vault.
Fixed Arbitration Statue not being linkable in Chat.
Fixes to prevent art overlapping between Jupiter tilesets and to improve AI navigation.
Fixed wonky cloth appearance on some Warframes, like Equinox Prime.
Fixed water volumes appearing in incorrect tilesets.
Fixed Lex Prime not using its proper reload animation.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize sometimes not disarming even with over 100% Magnetize Status Effect on burst. As reported here:
Fixed Darygn Pilots getting trapped in a mounting animation due to attempting to pilot an already taken Darygn.
Fixed auto-dropping the Excavation Power Cell when picking up Primary Ammo with only a Primary weapon equipped. 
Fixed ability to join another player in a Junction if you previously disconnected from their squad. 
Fixed an Ayatan Sculpture spawning under the floor in the Infested Corpus Rescue tileset. As reported here:
Fixed abusing Host migrations to get multiple Beacon assassin spawns. Beacons will be ineligible to place after a Host migration if someone had already summoned an assassin previously.
Fixes towards the Arbitration Shield Drone sometimes spawning in unvisited rooms, making it feel as if the Drone doesn't spawn at all.
Fixed Ash's Rising Storm combo building much faster than intended due to an interaction with Relentless Combo and a Gunblade weapon.
Fixed the email field lock tooltip appearing even if the email field is unlocked.
Fixed Flash Accelerant having incorrect stat text (Extra Damage not Armor Reduction).
Fixed the Quanta and Quanta Vandal alt fire cube explosion sound no longer playing.
Fixed Cernos Prime equipped with Heavy Caliber causing Vertical Spread mode to function as a Horizontal Spread.
Fixed AI clipping through rocks thus entering the Upside Down in the Orokin Moon tileset. As reported here: 
Fixed numerous Glyphs not appearing in the Market when searching for relevant tags.
Fixed the Spore Ephemera rendering overtop of the Operator chair. As reported here:
Fixed for certain Beam weapons playing the wrong weapon hit FX when hitting enemies in the head.
Fixed Baruuk's Meroe helmet tassel sometimes disappearing when viewing his diorama at certain angles. 
Fixed missing swing trail FX on the Nikana Tekelu Skin. 
Fixed the Codex not including Refined Relics towards the number 'owned'.
Fixed Infested Impedance not affecting some Infested enemy types. As reported here: 
Fixed incorrect button callouts in The War Within quest when playing with a controller.
Fixed reload circle filling instantly for weapons that reload individually (Zarr and Corinth), instead of filling up individually for each round loaded.
Fixed your Arch-Gun unequipping when casting Harrow's Thurible ability twice.
Fixed your Arch-Gun constantly replaying it's equip animation after casting Chroma's Spectral Scream ability twice.
Fixed Wisp not angling Primary weapons when hip-firing. 
Fixed your gun appearing to twitch when transitioning from hip-fire to aiming.
Fixed sometimes not switching to your Secondary weapon upon being downed.
Fixed a collapsing texture on Loki Prime's Helmet. As reported here:
Fixed the Tatsu ground slam often failing to connect.
Fixed the Ludoplex diorama appearing to be zoomed in very close.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet causing Resonator to stop moving.
Fixed only 2 Nightmare modifiers being chosen at a time across the Star Chart.
Fixed another case where the water splash FX would get stuck on your screen in the Grineer Sealab tileset (when Transferring to/from Operator while it's active).
Fixed the camera just spinning wildly when attempting to move when downed. 
Fixed browsing Warframe Helmets, if the active one is a Prime Helmet, the preview for the selected ones will overlap the Prime, instead of switching to a different one.
Fixed a loss of functionality when exiting the cutscene that plays inside the Codex when first inspecting the Shatterbox in Saya's Vigil quest.
Fixed Clients getting overlapping UI in The Index.
Fixed Foundry timers being unreliable for Blueprints when playing with a high frame rate.
Fixed having a negative capacity if you cycle a Riven Mod then Fuse it with Endo while it is equipped.
Fixed the Corpus Background having an incorrect icon.
Fixed Wukong's Celestial Twin kills not counting towards Sanctuary Onslaught efficiency.
Fixed an edge case where player A invites player B to their Orbiter, B joins and then returns to their own Orbiter, then B goes to player C's orbiter. If C's Orbiter has no Decorations, B will see the Decorations of player A's Orbiter!
Fixed Grineer Butchers appearing to be unarmed for Clients.
Fixed Orb Vallis teleport Reinforcement FX not appearing for Clients.
Fixed towards enemies pursuing the cold, dead corpses of players in Excavation missions.
Fixed Client players in the Hydroid Relay Captura Scene seeing one female NPC without proper head textures.
Fixed Decorations with physics (Roller Floof, etc) sometimes falling out of the Orbiter into the dark, cold, vastness of space.
Fixed sometimes seeing duplicate corpses if the enemy died from a Slash Status Effect.
Fixed Nox and Lephantis targeting invisible Sentinels.
Fixed Tyl Regor sometimes endlessly stuck teleporting during his boss fight.
Fixed not receiving Focus Affinity after installing a Gravimag.
Fixed your Liset being parked sideways in the Relay after completing a practice Mastery Test.
Fixed the Citadella Prime Syandana spinning ring being slightly offset. As reported here: 
Fixed ability to create two Mass Vitrify walls if a section of the first wall is broken.
Fixed inability to complete the Mastery Rank 12 test if you fall off the starting platform.
Fixed Shield Lancers potentially getting themselves stuck forever before or after attempting to climb ledges.
Fixed the Terra Shockwave MOA doing more damage if playing with a high FPS. As reported here: 
Fixed inability to use the Helminth Infirmary chair if your Domestik Drone opened the door for you.
Fixed a Conservation call point spawning outside of the Orb Vallis boundaries. As reported here: 
Fixed your Kubrow's head twisting into ungodly positions upon petting it.
Fixed Amalgam Heqet clones causing screen flickering when used on Mirage.
Fixed ability to use disabled Emotes for Operators if the Emote wheel is opened during Transference. 
Fixed Atlas' Titanic Rumbler Augment making his Rumblers too big to fit through the doors. As reported here: 
Fixed the Cyanex canceling heavy throw animations if your magazine is empty. As reported here:
Fixed Tyl Regor and his Grineer Manics not going invisible when jumping around the boss arena. 
Fixed Raknoid hologram flickering in the Fortuna back room.
Fixed inability to Chat link some K-Drive Mods.

## Hotfix 25.6.3
**Date:** 2019-08-14T19:38:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added Arsenal Ability videos for Atlas.
Default sort is now by Name, previous default has been renamed to 'Date Added'.
Reduced the size of floating chunks of ice in Orb Vallis and tweaked the FX for an overall performance improvements when loading in.
Improved robustness and accuracy of script runtime.
Made a micro-optimization to the core math libraries.
Fixed a crash when re-casting Atlas' Rumblers.
Fixed a script error when changing the Warframe Articula's loadout.

### Changes
Hotfix 25.6.3:
Made some texture/material changes to the Wukong Samadhi Skin to reduce the amount of 'sparkling'.
Improved the tintable area of the Wukong Samadhi Skin tail, as it appeared as a more grey tone instead of a fuller dark black tone as intended.
Changed Zealots to be allied to the level's Faction to prevent them clearing objectives.
Fixed Zealots not being allied with Infested. 
Fixed Zealots not storming players on spawn.
When Creator Mode is enabled, the email field will now be soft locked to prevent accidentally typing your 'ValkyrIsB3stG1rl' password into your email field. You now must click the new lock icon to turn off the lock. If you attempt to click the email field while it's locked, the lock icon will pulse to remind you to unlock it first.
Tweaked Banshee Soprana's skirt and cloth attributes to reduce clipping with her derriere.

### Fixes
Fixed issues with the Teralysts as well as some other enemies not having properly sized collision.
Fixed having all Energy drained when casting Frost's Freeze ability with the Freeze Frost Augment equipped on a Snow Globe.
Fixed Excalibur's Furious Javelin not always removing the previous buff if you recast before it expires.
Fixed being affected by two or more Octavia Metronomes and leaving the radius of one of them causing Vivace and Forte buffs to become impossible to obtain until you become affected by a new Metronome cast.
Fixed the second "kick" of Nezha's Pyroclastic Flow Augment not having any FX, making it appear to not function correctly.
Fixed Nyx's Absorb consuming more than its base of 4 Energy per second even when not being attacked.
Fixed Warframe invulnerability (if applicable) being removed when Transferring back to Operator. As reported here:
Fixed HUD buff indicator discrepancies between Host/Client when receiving a damage buff from Augments like Freeze Force, Shock Trooper etc.
Fixed the Klamora and Lega Prism's continuous fire being affected by framerate. As reported here:
Fixed the Spore Ephemera not rendering over certain Warframe parts.
Fixed the Imperator Vandal not rendering properly as an Arch Gun when using certain Skins or no Skin.
Fixed the Tatsu missing its forward momentum when changing directions. 
Fixing Gas City Dropship spawns being rarer in non-Assassination missions.
Fixed text overlap in some languages when viewing restored Nightwave Acts.
Fixed a vertical line is showing up when you click to Rank up in the Solaris or Ostron Syndicates screen.
Fixed a hole in the floor of the Larunda Relay due to missing pillar collison. As reported here:

## Augment Tweaks: Hotfix 25.6.2
**Date:** 2019-08-09T18:47:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Searching for combined elements (Radiation, Magnetic, etc.) in your Upgrade and Mod menus will now pull up the base element mods that can be combined to make that element!
Added outline and backer to the "Add Glyph" icon on the loadout screen.
Fixed possibility of the squad overlay remaining on the screen when quickly clicking the copy loadout button right after starting to close the screen.
Fixed naming issues when trying to rename a loadout with an icon.
Fixed broken icons for loadouts saved using a sold Warframe.
Fixed display and script errors in the Loadout screen that can occur if using a "Favourite" loadout.

### Fixes
Fixed various hitbox issues, including those in the Lua Cunning Test, Lua spy vault, and the windmill in the Plains of Eidolon. This fixed progression stoppers in the Second Dream.
Fixed low-resolution textures on the Two-Handed Nikana Maligna Skin.

## Augment Tweaks: Hotfix 25.6.1
**Date:** 2019-08-08T20:47:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:

### Fixes
Fixed an issue in the Corpus Outpost with missing collision on rocks. 
Fixed missing collision on barrels in a few Grineer Forest tiles. 
Fixed an issue on K-drives where Polarity slots cannot be swapped if player overwrites starting polarity.
Fixed an issue with Medium graphics settings leading to Wukong Deluxe looking extra sparkly. 
Fixed an issue with Somachord tracks not properly skipping:
Fixed a script error / game hang with colour pickers and Loadouts. 
Fixed a script error / game hang when deleting and managing Loadouts. 
Fixed a script error / game hang when renaming a Loadout without Companions. 
Fixed the Dog Days Captura scene beach balls not having collision. 
Fixed Mastery Requirement showing up in Loadout tooltips. 
Fixed camera issues in Captura. 
Fixed Gara's Splinter Storm not shattering Glass on Gara's Helmet. 
Fixed numerous missing localization lines.

## Augment Tweaks: Update 25.6.0
**Date:** 2019-08-08T14:50:17Z | **Type:** Update
## Wukong Deluxe: Hotfix 25.5.4
**Date:** 2019-08-06T21:51:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Dog Days Tactical Alert Changes:
Performance now can yield better results for the final Dog Days mission! Mission 4 now yields 1 Nakak Pearl per kill in addition to the 50 given at end of mission. More kills, more Pearls! 
As an added note, we will have more feedback implemented when DOG DAYS returns, including fixes for AI and more. Thanks everyone for the feedback and fun during this Tactical Alert!

### Fixes
Fixed Virtuos Shadow not being an option for a rank up reward with the Quills.

## Wukong Deluxe: Hotfix 25.5.3
**Date:** 2019-08-06T20:07:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Wukong Deluxe: Hotfix 25.5.3:

### Fixes
Fixed an exploit where the mission timer would continue to run when paused in Solo mode which awarded players victory & rewards for the score.
Fixed a progstop that would occur if viewing mission progress right when extraction is enabled. This impacted missions beyond Dog Days as well! 
Fixed an issue with the Abysso Skin among other rewards not appearing in Chat link (Captura Scenes overall still not linkable).
Improved handling of certain crashes. 
Fixed for crash related to certain icons. 
Fixed missing subtitles after first login due to a Daily Tribute bug. 
Fixed an issue with a foliage/vegetation shaders not looking properly lit compared to the terrain below it. 
Fixed an issue where Hydroid players could progstop the Ropalolyst fight if picked up while in Undertow.

## Wukong Deluxe: Hotfix 25.5.1 + 25.5.2
**Date:** 2019-08-02T20:04:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Dog Days Tactical Alert is now live!
### Additions
Added Ability videos in the Arsenal for Trinity.
Added defenses against obsolete Raptr overlay injecting into Warframe and crashing.
Fixed a deadlock that could occur when de-streaming sections of the world with a player in it.

### Changes
Wukong Deluxe: Hotfix 25.5.1:
Removed high pitched ringing from the Denial Bursa's flash bang ability and replaced with something less susceptible to fatigue.
Possible item drops / rank stats are now directly indicated on Relic and Arcane description text.
Streamlined purchase process for items that take different currencies (i.e Debt Tokens, etc), as well as disabled the gifting options for them.

### Fixes
More fixes towards the Klamora Prism appearing to be rotated in the Operator Amp building diorama.
Fixed the Ropalolyst boss fight never starting if a Host migration occurred during the elevator cinematic.
Fixed inability to Aim with a controller due to Channel bindings.
Fixed the camera becoming locked in place after exiting the Cyst removal chair in the Orbiter.
Fixed an issue where you could install duplicate Mods in loadouts using an exploit. 
Fixed the Operator appearing in the background during The Sacrifice quest when the spotlight should be on Umbra.
Fixed the Subhuti Syandana clipping through Equinox's Day Form.
Fixed Fortuna Brace parts appearing to be rotated 180 degrees.
Fixed missing Warframe Ability Tips section when playing Warframe in Korean and Russian.
Fixed unreachable loot in the Grineer Forest tileset. As reported here: 
Fixed another unreachable loot spot in the Lua tileset.
Fixed incorrect UI Marker borders when stacked.
Fixed Equinox having an incorrect Ability tip in her Abilities Arsenal screen.
Fixed a crash that occurred after a Host migration in the Dog Days Tactical Alert.
Fixed Clients able to cast Warframe Abilities that require no Energy (Garuda's Bloodletting) after dying/respawning in the Dog Days Tactical Alert.
Fixed inability to install any Arcane in the second slot on your Warframe, as it would be auto removed after backing out of the screen.
Fixed the Warframe Ability screen breaking if a given Warframe didn't have any Ability hints.
Fixed Kubrow's being a little more shy towards Roller Floofs compared to Kavats.
Fixed the width of the Passive button textbox on the Warframe selection screen being too small for some languages, resulting in text wrapping awkwardly.
Fixed invalid colour options being shown for Mesa Prime Pistols, Wukong Prime Staff, and Wukong Samadhi Staff Skin.

## Wukong Deluxe: Update 25.5.0 + 25.5.0.1
**Date:** 2019-07-31T18:05:01Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
New Wukong Samadhi Glyph and Wukong Samadhi In Action Glyphs are available under the Profile > Glyph section for Platinum!
Added Rhino's Ability videos to his Arsenal diorama.
Added the ability to view a list of items you own that a Riven fits into. This way you can know which stats you want, without having to flip-flop between the Arsenal to check:
Improved handling of corrupt shader caches.
Fixed a crash when processing a HUD buff icon.

### Changes
Wukong Deluxe: Update 25.5.0:
Reborn in flame, Wukong finds enlightenment in the Wukong Samadhi Collection!
Wield Wukong's awe-inspiring power on your own journey today!
We have released substantial improvements to the Colour Customization of Warframe!
You can now view your Palettes in a redesigned screen that allows for more convenient browsing of your options. The old single-column design took a long time to scroll, and the new two-column cleaner design is much more streamlined. 
Random colour now chooses across multiple palettes!
Any Legacy colours cannot be saved as favourite
this is to fix a bug that would prevent any and all customization saving. 
+5 new 'Favourite' Colour slots! 
Added new 'drag' functionality to the Favourites grid so you can move colour around! 
Added focus sound to swatch grid, and select sound when toggling favorites!
You can now Transfer to the Operator while Fishing / Conservation.
Upgrading a Relic while in a Void Fissure endless mission will now ask you if you wish to equip the upgraded Relic.
Any summoned allied Specters in a Nightmare mission will now have a reddish distorted glow to indicate that they have turned against you and you've made a huge mistake in trusting them.
Your chosen UI Theme is now applied to the Riven reroll screen!
Adjusted the holster position of Warfans, Polearms, Scythes and Staffs on Zephyr Prime.
Adjusted the Holster position of Sword and Shields on multiple Warframes so it is attached and rotated correctly.
Adjusted the default holster position of the Lenz Quiver so it sits closer to Warframe's backs.
Adjusted the Emblem offset on the Helminth Charger, Drahk Pattern, and Underbrush Pattern Kubrows to fix them disappearing completely.

### Fixes
Fixed Armored enemies affected by Revenant's Danse Macabre continuing to take Corrosive Damage after the Armor has gone, resulting in less damage because Flesh is stronger to Corrosive than Armor is.
Fixed Revenant's Danse Macabre doing Corrosive Damage to Infested.
Fixed not being able to perform finishers on blinded enemies from Revenant's Enthrall that are temporary allies (mind control, etc).
Fixed previous Acts being visually marked as 'Complete' if the same Act was complete in Series 1. These Acts were also counting towards the 3 Recovered Acts, which prevented other eligible Recovered Acts if you had 3 of these affected Recovered Acts.
Fixed a functionality loss when attempting to purchase Riven capacity via the Riven Slot purchase pop up prompt.
Fixed inability to redeploy your Arch-Gun after mounting / dismounting your K-Drive.
Fixed broken functionality if the Ferrox is the only weapon equipped and you pick up Ammo while it's been thrown.
Fixed new Clan members able to Research the Ignis Wraith in a Clan that does not have access to that specific Research. 
Fixed the Ropalolyst firing lasers immediately after it's 'bug zapper ground flop' cinematic ends. As reported here:
Fixed using the Itzal's Fighter Escort ability while in Submersible water resulting in immediate drone destruction and the infamous 'Abilities In Use' issue.
Fixed the Zenith sometimes getting stuck only firing one semi-auto shot before reverting to auto.
Fixed misaligned hitboxes on the Hyena Pack enemies.
Fixed Allied Shield Ospreys no longer providing Shield Buffs
Fixed Shield Osprey Eximus Specters not shooting at anything.
Fixes toward Drahk enemies performing Melee attacks but not actually able to hit their target.
Fixed Infested Crawlers freezing in place instead of attempting to attack when being rushed at.
Fixed Flameblade enemy variants often missing their first attack even against a stationary player.
Fixed enemies being overly reluctant to shooting at Frost's Snow Globe from a longer distance. 
Fixed Melee Channeling toggling off when swapping to a Primary / Secondary.
Fixed certain charged weapons not working correctly with certain NPCs such as Executioner Harkonar and Spectres.
Fixed missing prompt when equipping an Echo-Lure that 'This item will be automatically available from the Gear Menu while using the Tranq Rifle'. 
Fixed missing wipe-out animation when crashing into an obstacle while on your K-Drive. 
Fixed Garuda's Arsenal Ability UI displaying Health Drain is modified by Power Efficiency. 
Fixed missing sorting Tabs in the Mod Manager screen when a filter clears all equipped Mods.
Fixed inconsistent text for the Capacitance Mod on Volt when looking at the Mod and in the stats page when the Mod is at Rank 0 and 2. 
Fixed the Itzal's Penumbra Ability resulting in a 'ugly insta stop' animation.
Fixed Prime Toggle appearing always off to other players in a Relay, Dojo, or Town.
Fixed missing Codex entries for the MK-1 weapons, Braton Vandal and Lato Vandal.
Fixed metallic looking eye textures, predominantly seen in Cetus at night.
Fixed the Sonicor and Opticor having an overly bright FX.
Fixed misaligned Certus Brace and Propa Scaffold when building an Amp.
Fixed the Narvarr Prime Leg Armor clipping through Nyx's Pasithea Skin skirt.
Fixed the Cryona Syandana clipping through Khora. 
Fixed misaligned Vetala Ankle Plate when equipped on Limbo Prime.
Fixed rocks that were suspended in mid air by sitting them down (literally) and telling them about physics and gravity.
Fixed Grineer Sealab water appearing in other tilesets.
Fixes towards Assassinate intro boss name not being visible for Clients.
Fixed an NPC in the Larunda Relay losing their head entirely when approached. 
Fixed wingless Drones in Orb Vallis. Reported from: 
Fixed missing collision in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed a game freeze when dragging a Favorite Color in the Arsenal.

## Hotfix 25.4.3
**Date:** 2019-07-26T20:38:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 25.4.3:
Made a micro optimization to Ignis effect scripts.

### Fixes
Further fixes towards crashes that could occur when typing invalid characters in text boxes.
Fixed inability to confirm numerous text box situations even though the correct words were entered in non-English clients, such as:
Can MOTD
Dojo Room Messages
Friend Notes
Contributing Dojo Decorations
And possible some other scenarios 
Fixed Client's inability to progress the "Find X Syndicate Medallions" Riven requirement.
Fixes towards cases of mismatched Host / Client Dojo.
Fixed clipping doors in the Lua Sabotage tileset.

## Hotfix 25.4.2
**Date:** 2019-07-25T19:10:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 25.4.2:
Increased the drop rate of the Bloodshed Sigil from 1% to 3% from the Profit-Taker. 
Changed the Nightwave 'Silent Exterminator' Act to clarify its requirement. It now reads:
Complete an Extermination mission with level 30 or higher enemies without triggering alarms.
Improved navigation markers in the Infested Corpus ship to help players navigate between floors. 
Removed hack doors from the Razorback boss tileset.
Optimized bindings
saving 16KB of data.
Optimized the Squad panel UI.
Made some micro-optimizations to some scripts.
Fixed a performance bug with Warframe's with an Ability selector function (Ivara's Quiver, etc.)

### Fixes
Fixed a crash when typing an invalid character in the 'Add a Friend' screen.
Fixed a UI lockup that could occur when using the Incubator.
Fixed a UI lockup that could occur in the Arsenal.
Fixed an Orb Vallis progression stopper in the 'Investigate The Bodies' Bounty stage due to Solaris corpses not spawning.
Fixes towards ability to kill flying Capture Targets (Gas City), resulting in a mission failure. As reported here: towards
Fixed a case of an inability to Rank up within a Syndicate that you've already Ranked up in (but made them mad so you got demoted).
Fixed a case of receiving an error prompt when attempting to increase a Focus pool.
Fixed an issue in the Focus Manager where increasing the Pool Capacity and backing out to the Operator screen, then back into the Focus manager causing all Focus Schools to show the cost of the Capacity upgrade being applied to every School instead of just the current one.
Fixed the description for Rhino Vanguard and Thrak Helmets spelling Rhino wrong.
Fixed script error in Sanctuary Researcher Nightwave Act script.
Fixed teleport script trigger and a blocking volume sticking through an elevator ceiling.

## Hotfix 25.4.1 + 25.4.1.1
**Date:** 2019-07-24T19:44:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 25.4.1:
Tekelu. Weaponsmiths of the highest caliber. This school of master craftsmen delivered a single coveted collection more than three years ago.
This time, they've brought two.
Akstiletto Tekelu Skin
Glaive Tekelu Skin
Nikana Tekelu Skin
Panthera Tekelu Skin
Redeemer Tekelu Skin
Magnus and Akmagnus Tekelu Skins
Vasto and Akvasto Tekelu Skins
Baza Tekelu Skin
Gunsen Tekelu Skin
Stradavar Tekelu Skin
Essential Cold Glyph
Essential Critical Glyph
Essential Damage Glyph
Essential Electricity Glyph
Essential Heat Glyph
Essential Toxin Glyph
Increased Atmo Systems drop by 1 quantity (from 4 to 5) across the board for the Profit-Taker Heists rewards to slightly reduce friction in ranking up in Fortuna. 
Matchmaking for The Sacrifice quest is now disabled once the helmet has been interacted with, to avoid having matchmaking permanently disabled if leaving the quest on the first stage.
Reduced chances of patrolling AI staring at a wall after reaching a dead end.
Replaced 'Proc Chance' with 'Status Chance' where needed (Explosive Legerdemain).
Updated Chroma's Vex Armor ability description to include nearby Allies:
When Shields are hit, Chroma and nearby allies' Armor grows stronger, when Health takes a hit, Weapon Damage increases.
Eliminated 20MB of RAM used by the User Interface.
Eliminated 5MB of unused UI textures loaded in many missions.
Eliminated 1.5MB of generated bytecode used by the script engine.
Optimized common script bindings to reduce script time by 13%.
Performed automatic optimizations to hundreds of gameplay scripts.
Optimized threaded rendering of the mini-map.
Optimized GPU particle effects.

### Fixes
Fixed scoring 30+ Index points at once resulting in a huge damage boost. Dying / Reviving would remove the damage boost.
Fixed Rathuum/Index not tracking kills done by Umbra or spawned allies (Equinox Duality, etc) when the player is in Operator mode.
Fixed being stuck in Spectator Mode after dying at the end of the Round as a Client and then becoming the Host.
Fixed Revenant's Enthralled enemies not counting towards kills in Rathuum/Index.
Fixed a second vote triggering is there are multiple players left after a Host migration.
Fixed being in a broken state as a Client if the Host crashes after completing an Index wager.
Fixes towards Nightwave Act progress sometimes resetting / tracking incorrectly when completing a mission.
Fixed a crash when typing invalid text the Dojo MOTD, Room Messages, Friend Notes and Loc Pins.
Fixed experiencing a functionality loss in the form of one or more weapons/Abilities not working after falling into a teleport volume while having an active Exalted weapon (Excalibur / Wukong).
Fixed Clients becoming stuck in the loading screen if the Host simultaneously aborts.
Fixed a massive hitch when equipping the Mining Laser.
Fixed ability to skip Operator Amp firing cooldown with Vazarin Guardian Shell.
Fixed a case of Kuva Clouds spawning right beside the Kuva Siphon in the Gas City tileset, resulting in the mission being difficult to complete as the Kuva Cloud gets almost immediately sucked up. 
Fixed the Knell forcing a reload when empty even if you got a headshot.
Fixed Amalgam Argonak not applying to Dagger-type Zaws.
Fixed inability to move properly when Titania is in Razorwing in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed Bullet Jump animation no longer playing in the direction of the jump after wiping out with the K-Drive.
Fixed Mining nodes refreshing outside the Deck 12 entrance when entering / leaving the cave in succession, allowing for Mining exploitation.
Fixed inability to Mine inside Deck 12.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Eruption Augment causing a mid-air hovering casting animation.
Fixed placing a Domestik Drone Decoration in the air blocking the camera and causing weird collisions. 
Fixed placing Domestik Drone decorations in the air causing them to fall through the floor.
Fixes toward the Amphatz Kubrow Armor clipping on more bulky Kubrows. 
Fixes toward the Sloughi Kubrow Armor clipping on bulky Kubrows
Fixed the Quatz' reload ejected clip flipping orientation when released.
Fixed the Quatz' Electric Discharge sound playing twice for Clients.
Fixed the Quatz' special reload damage and VFX not displaying when a Skin is equipped.
Fixed Mirage's Hall Of Mirrors ability causing the Quatz' Electric Discharge sound to unintentionally play duplicate instances.
Fixed a Crate clipping into the wall on the Lua Spy tileset.
Fixed an unreachable Crate in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed broken textures in the Grineer Shipyards tileset which lead to everything appearing shiny and gold.
Fixed an overly stiff moustache on the Karkinos Hydroid Helmet.
Fixed placement issue when "duplicating" a few Decorations including the Circuits Decoration where new copy would stay red and could not be placed.
Fixed placing an Eidolon Teralyst Articula in just the right location in a doorway causing it to expand to its full massive size.
Fixed inability to color K-Drive Jets. As reported here:
Fixed a missing water teleport volume in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed flying Drones in Vallis missing their wings.
Fixed Captura's 'look at character' feature not working.
Fixed issue with Proton Snap showing "|TIME|" instead of duration value in non-English localizations.
Fixed the 'Toggle' for Excalibur Umbra's details to hide / show his details on Skins not actually being visible.
Fixed the Tekelu Nikana Skin not being available for all Nikana variants.
Fixed incorrect Energy color being applied to the Synoid Heliocor's handle.
Fixed several ragdolls not having limbs positioned correctly.

## Tenno Reinforcements: Update 25.4.0
**Date:** 2019-07-18T19:02:05Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added Arch-gun Ammo to the Simulacrum pickup area.

### Changes
Tenno Reinforcements: Update 25.4.0:
The only thing Grineer hate more than seeing Tenno cut through waves of Lancers, is seeing them use Grineer Weapons to do it. Wield the power of the Grineer's vast empire with the latest Tenno Reinforcements on PC: the Quatz Collection!
*Quatz Pro Tip: start firing from the hip and aim while keeping the trigger held down to stay in auto mode!
Pick up the Quatz Collection or any of the individual items by visiting the in-game Market today, and put Grineer technology to use helping the Origin System instead of conquering it!
Combat markers for enemies in Archwing / Submersible have been visually updated and now update their awareness color/fill depending on their state!
Improved teleporting volumes spaces in the Corpus Outpost and Grineer Shipyard tilesets to catch overzealous Loki / Novas when attempting to escape the level.
Eligibility for the Get Clem & Maroo Ayatan Treasure Hunt missions now resets at 00:00 Monday each week (same as Nightwave) instead of an arbitrary 7-day cooldown from whenever you last completed them. This ensures you have a chance to complete the missions within the weekly refresh of Nightwave. 
Anyone who ran within the last 7 days will have their cooldown reset 7 days from when they ran it, and future resets will be Monday 00:00.
In Tuesday's Hotfix we released a fix for a Nightwave bug that prevented proper tracking of Acts. This is Part 2 of that fix. Today's fix retroactively provides missing Nightwave Standing to players affected by the issue we fixed Tuesday.

### Fixes
Fixed Sortie roll-over + UI refresh not occurring exactly at 12 noon since the dawn of time.
Fixed Revenant specter not spawning reliably during the Mask of the Revenant quest if Host does not have the quest active.
Fixed Clients not seeing proper Trade offerings if the Host player swaps a Mod for Platinum. The confirmation screen does show the Platinum being offered, but players may be mislead / not paying attention and accept the Trade.
Fixed the Bullet Jump buff from Proton Pulse sometimes lasting perpetually.
Fixed Umbra's Radial Howl sometimes leaving enemies frozen in mid-air. 
Fixed Eximus Codex entries displaying the same as their non-Eximus version.
Fixed rail damage triggers in the Grineer Shipyard Defense tileset resulting in many deceased Pets, as it should only affect Warframes.
Fixed an unreachable Crate spawn in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed an unreachable Crate spawn in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed some missing geometry collision in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed a square box appearing in the minimap of the Ambulas boss area in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed not being able to toggle camera mode during Melee Finishers in Captura.
Fixed the Grain slider not functioning in Captura.

## Prime Vault: Hotfix 25.3.3 + 25.3.3.1
**Date:** 2019-07-16T18:00:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Prime Vault: Hotfix 25.3.3:
Added polish and improvements to Relays, including increased elevator speed, markers for Syndicate rooms, and more. 
Optimized performance of Friends list behaviour under-the-hood. 
We now only show the 'Gift' button in the Market for Platinum purchases.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue serverside with accounts being unable to incubate Kubrows. 
Fixed an issue with a game freeze that would occur if you left the relay before accepting the Silver Grove quest. 
Fixed Smeeta's instant reload buff not applying to battery weapons, it will now instantly recharge beam weapons. 
Fixed Grineer Latchers on the Kuva Fortress being 'friendly' to Tenno. 
Fixed Assassinate boss card titles not visible on Clients.
Fixed a script error / game issue on the Ambulas boss fight. 
Fixed an issue with recasting Nidus's Ravenous on same location not refreshing the ability duration timer. 
Fixed incorrect camera rotations in Captura. 
Fixed an issue with Wukong's Celestial Stomp becoming unreliable if you use it too quickly after joining in progress. 
Fixed an issue with Revenant's facing direction after using Reave during Danse Macabre.
Fixed an issue with Cernos Prime arrows fired by Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones always hitting the floor. 
Fixed an issue with Prime Sugatras looking stretched. 
Fixed an issue with Wisp Specters being unable to cast any abilities
Sol Gate is still unusable for now. 
Fixed issues with the fast travel option not working in old original Dojo tilesets. 
Fixing a level hole found in the Grineer Sealabs. 
Fixing a level hole as found here:
Fixed a rogue teleport volume as reported here:
Fixing level holes in Europa. 
Fixed a level hole as found here:
Fixed Ephemera energy colour preview not updating when choosing new or random colours.
Fixed a very common crash in that Hotfix we just deployed related to friends lists. So I guess none of you experienced it.
Fixed Stealth abilities like Ivara's Prowl being ineffective against Dargyns.
Fixed issues on Earth as reported here: and here
Fixed rogue Ephemera particles never going away in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue where you could lose your K-Drive forever if it de-spawned in a body of water.
Rolled back a fix for Boss cinematics from the previous Hotfix as it caused new issues! 
Fixed issues with performance in levels with a lot of water volumes (i.e open worlds)!
Fixed crashes caused by typing in forbidden characters in the Tribute statue and Note Beacon.

## Wukong Prime: Hotfix 25.3.2 + 25.3.2.1
**Date:** 2019-07-12T15:14:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added a new Plains Assassinate Bounty Bonus Objective of 'Draw out the target within one minute for bonus'. More bonuses to come after further testing.

### Changes
Wukong Prime: Hotfix 25.3.2:
If you're not an active participant in the Clan / Dojo system, a lot of this will go over your head. But if you've noticed a discrepancy in your Clan's Dojo XP since the release of Update 25, we have found the issue and have a full breakdown here.
All trophies are now exempt from Clan XP and will not reward it.
The Trading Post and Treasury will supply their intended XP.
We have a list of rooms and objects that grant you XP, but only if they exist within the Dojo (i.e cannot be built then destroyed). This now works properly + and we are working to highlight this fact more (as we work to expose in UI):
Right clicking on Nightwave rewards will now display its preview diorama.
Fixed inability to mark Mods dropped from containers in the Void for the "Mark a Resource or Mod" Nightwave Act.
Fixed the Glaive Prime Blueprint help text saying it's obtainable from Nightwave Cred Offerings.
Wukong's Celestial Twin no longer utilizes Quick Thinking to fix the Twin living indefinitely. 
Fixed ability to replicate Wukong's Celestial Twin multiple times by abusing Emotes.
Fixed Wukong's Cloudwalk and Defy abilities turning off sprint toggle when used.
Fixed Wukong's Immortality Passive triggering while in Archwing in Vallis / Plains which results in getting stuck in Archwing instead of being knocked out.
Further fixes to floating Armor on Wukong / Wukong Prime.
Historically the number of concurrent enemies in Survival was related to where the mission was in the Star Chart; early missions tended to have less enemies and later missions tended to have more and this number did not change even when you stayed in a mission longer to face higher-level enemies.
As an experiment we have changed the scaling mechanic so that staying in a low-level mission longer will also increase the enemy count as it increases the enemy level until it hits the same cap it would have for high-level missions.
Increased visibility of the panic button placed at the Reactor console.
Reduced hack time for enemies at the Reactor panic button to 1.5 seconds.
Increased 'Defend' time to 60 seconds from 40 seconds.
Fixed no enemies spawning to trigger lockdown at the Reactor console.
Fixed enemies unable to reach the Reactor console.
Added objective text in the UI for maximum clarity for 'what the hek is going on'.
Removed parkour tiles to reduce the chance newer players will get stuck here.
Possible fix for Zanuka spawning in secret rooms and teleporting players there
Objective UI markers now flash red to match red X attack markers.
Corrupted Vor is now marked with a red X marker if killing him is required to progress past the 'kill enemies' stage in Interception.
Changed Spy panic buttons in the entrance hallways of Spy Vaults to stop enemies using them and setting off the alarm when outside the vault in Gas City, Grineer Fortress, and Sealab tilesets.
Kuva Cell pickups now take priority over Life Support Tower activation actions to alleviate accidental Life Support activation in Kuva Survival. 
Increased brightness of the grey ABC markers in Lua Spy missions.
Improved an extraction area in the Gas City tileset to be a little more generous.
Changed the Venus Assassinate area marker so it matches the UI objective.
Removed ability to spawn Arlo Devoted Healers in the Simulacrum.
Removed Wisp footstep sounds when wall running.
Removed outstanding old Corpus Lockers and replaced them with the new Locker meshes.
Improvements to the Gear Spiral controller sensitivity.
Made Teleport Pits willing to send loot to a nearby spot as a last resort instead of letting it fall out of the world.
Made hundreds of micro-optimizations to numerous game and UI scripts.
Made some micro-optimizations to screenshots taken with F6 (particularly for 4K displays).
Optimized game startup time slightly.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to complete the Sands of Inaros quest due to Denial Bursas not spawning as reported here: 
Fixed progression stopper during the 'Kill the 5 Mimics' stage of the 4th mission of The Sacrifice as reported here:
Fixed progression stopper in the Orokin Derelict Mobile Defense tileset due to missing context action on the Defense console.
Fixed the Ropalolyst fight breaking if the player flies it into the underside of the center platform. You will now be forcibly dismounted off the bucking bronco. 
Fixed Growing Power buff not removing itself properly when casting Limbo's Cataclysm, resulting in an indefinite stacking of Strength.
Fixed enemies not spawning after a Host Migration in the Grineer Shipyard Defense tileset.
Fixed Life Support Towers not spawning after a Host migration in Sortie Survival missions.
Fixed a Host migration causing Garuda's Talons to lose their Stance upgrade, and instead use the default attacks if it's the only Melee weapon equipped.
Fixed the first mission of Saya's Vigil not failing properly if the player leaves the final objective area.
Fixed seeing "Failed Bounty" when reaching extraction too soon during the final mission of Saya's Vigil.
Fixed a performance regression that was impacting certain types of cloth; performance in open world areas, towns and relays may be improved.
Fixed becoming one with Saya when speaking with her in Cetus. 
Fixed Grineer Capture Targets have a Shield that does not regenerate instead of Armor.
Fixed Sentient Troopers not spawning in Lua Exterminate missions.
Fixed Sentients spawning in the wrong location during Octavia's Anthem.
Fixed ability to use Emotes while casting Revenant's Danse Macabre to prevent your Abilities getting stuck. 
Fixed an incorrect cinematic during a phase of The War Within quest.
Fixed wrong Relic Rarity text when hovering over the Rarity bar on the Reward selection screen after playing a public Void Fissure mission.
Fixed Wisp's Wil-O-Wisp ability setting off laser beam alarms in the Gas City Spy Vaults.
Fixed missing portal FX for Clients in the Lua Rescue tileset.
Fixed players turning invisible when standing in certain locations in the Grineer Settlement tileset and Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed hacked Plains Drones becoming non-responsive after being pushed by an Arson Eximus.
Fixed invisible marker on the Vallis Defense Drone after the encounter starts.
Fixed Cryopod alignment in the Gas City Defense tileset.
Fixed numerous level holes in the Grineer Settlement tileset.
Fixed level holes in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset as reported here: /
Fixed Void Crate waypoint sunken into the ground leading to unpickable goodies, as reported here:
Fixed unwallrunnable walls in the Void tileset as reported here:
Fixed overly shiny floors in the Grineer Ship tileset as reported here:
Fixed ability to escape the level in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed the Tang Prime Fur Pattern accent color not resetting to default. 
Fixed Arlo Devoted Healers showing up in Mastery Rank tests and minigames (Happy Zephyr).
Fixed missing Stubba reload sound when using the Nusku Pistol Skin.
Fixed incorrect quest requirement for the Silver Grove when reading it in Russian.
Fixed some script abuse when Inaros' Desiccation continued to tick after Inaros was killed.
Fixed enemies armed with the Tetra rifle having an ugly reload animation.
Fixed having a broken UI after 'Replay Mission' is selected when the daily reset happens while the player is in a mission.
Fixed Assassinate intro boss name not being visible for Clients.
Fixed a script error when looking at The New Strange quest diorama.
Fixed an issue with The New Strange where it wouldn't count Arid Lancers correctly
Fixed Captura not using the correct camera rotations when switching between cameras.
Fixed Chroma's Passive / Spectral Scream descriptions not stating that the Elemental effects are now dictated by the emissives colours, not the energy colours as given in the Ability / Mod descriptions.
Fixed Operator Focus Abilities being broken if a tree is semi-complete. This also fixes Operator Void Mode being broken.
Fixed UI lockup that could occur when viewing Nightwave Rewards and then an Act.
Fixed the camera snapping to an odd orientation when performing actions that lock its orientation (namely, rotating/pulling/pushing Decorations in the Orbiter).
Fixed extra beam Range (Ruinous Extension) negatively affecting the secondary beam lock Range of the Ocucor.
Fixed a level hole in the Orokin Derelict.
Fixed a level hole in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.

## Wukong Prime: Hotfix 25.3.1
**Date:** 2019-07-08T20:04:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Wukong Prime: Hotfix 25.3.1:
Updated the Nightwave Act "Transmute 3/3 Mods" to read "Complete 3/3 Transmutations".

### Fixes
Fixed crash when returning to the Orbiter after earning Nightwave Affinity.
Fixed Wukong missing his tail when equipping the Wukong Mithra Skin. 
Fixed Grineer Settlement level hole as reported here:
Fixed some laser beam types being triggered by Wil-O-Wisp
Fixed a door causing the screen to turn black in Grineer Galleon.
Fixed offset left shoulder Emblem on Wukong Prime.

## Wukong Prime: Update 25.3.0
**Date:** 2019-07-06T20:11:39Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Wukong Prime: Update 25.3.0:
Check out the official public drop tables here.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Nora Night's next broadcast follows the remarkable tale of Arlo. As the story unfolds, you'll learn more about Arlo and his mission to soothe our deepest wounds.
Earn New Rewards -
An Infested Display of Power
Series 2 brings a brand-new set of Infested-themed rewards to earn! Rise through all 30 Tiers to unlock these limited-time rewards before the Series is over.
Earn unique rewards like:
Spore Ephemera (Tier 19): Leave a trail of filth with every footstep.
Umbra Forma (Tier 26): Apply the Umbra polarity to any Warframe or Weapon. 
Protosomid Shoulder Guard (Tier 28): Loathsome tendrils squirm from these hefty 
Chitoid Sentinel Bundle (Tier 29): Give any Sentinel a flair of Infestation with this pack.
Emissary Operator Collection (Tier 30): Become like Arlo's devoted with this Operator cosmetics collection.
And so much more!
Visit the Nightwave Cred Offerings to acquire the Rewards you want the most, including Nitain Extract, Weapon and Helmet Blueprints, Catalysts, Reactors and rare Aura Mods. Missed out on hunting the Wolf in Series 1? Purchase a Wolf Beacon from Nora with your Emissary Creds! Emissary Creds must be redeemed before the Series is over or sold for Credits, so use them before the frequency is lost.

### Fixes
Fixed crashes caused by malformed input as per:
Fixed Perfect animal Captures not always giving credit for Nightwave Acts when it should.
Fixed Nightwave Act progression in the Orbiter causing UI to additionally count all the previously completed Acts in the ship and adding it to the displayed Standing.
Fixed game hang that could occur if you accessed your Arsenal in the Lunaro Arena Scene and then loaded a different Scene.
Fixed 'Auto Installing' Mods on Garuda's Talons with no Stance Mods resulting in 15 error popups.
Fixed progression stopper caused by players being able to pick up more than one Telemetry Key, except they stack and the newly picked up key goes missing as reported here:
Fixed AI traffic jams in the Grineer Asteroid Defection tileset as reported here:
Fixes towards AI ramp traversing struggles in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed exterior lights bleeding through walls in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed an odd red light reflection in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed random floating objects outside the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed missing wall collision in the Corpus Gas City tileset as reported here:
Fixed broken terrain in the Grineer Asteroid tileset as reported here:
Fixed an inaccessible gap in the Grineer Shipyards tileset as reported here:
Fixed invisible walls in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset as reported here:
Fixed ability to clip into the wall in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed laser-door scanners appearing in strange places outside of door frame, in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed incorrectly spawned Submersible water volumes in the Sealab tileset.
Fixed numerous Kitgun Loaders appearing incorrect when "Preview Gilded" is on and off.
Fixed the Khora Mithra Skin not applying properly to Khora's Spikes Syandana.
Fixed Khora Mithra skin not applying to the skirt spikes after switching them.
Fixed previewing Khora Skins in Arsenal not always properly updating the spikes.
Fixed changing the spike mode in Arsenal, then switching Skins causing the spikes to be removed.
Fixed a script error when trying to go to the Appearance tab for Venari.
Fixed Wukong's Tennogen Skins not updating some parts of his outfit.
Fixed Trinity Prime's belt disappearing when equipping the Immortal Skin. 
Fixed all endless missions have a Void Fissure title in the extract/ battle menu.
Fixed pressing X on controller while in the Relic station displaying the message "Refine |Name| to Intact?".
Fixed Clients pressing X on a controller to accept a Void Fissure mission vote, resulting in an immediate warning message telling them that they are about to enter the mission without a Relic. 
Fixed missing Codex entry for the Repair Kit Mod. 
Fixed inability to trade Synth Fiber or Synth Deconstruct when you only have a single copy of the Mods.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.2.4
**Date:** 2019-06-27T17:50:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixed 2 Kuria collectibles damaged by neuro-carnivorous memes in the Gas City tileset. Cat hunters rejoice.
Fixed Wukong's new Passive Ability not resetting for Clients after going back and forth from Cetus/Fortuna to Plains of Eidolon/Orb Vallis. 
Fixed Madurai Rising Blast no longer allowing uncharged Void Blast to be used.
Fixed the Amalgam Argonak Metal Auger enemy highlighting not functioning if you aim at Gara's Mass Vitrify wall.
Fixed casting Ash's Teleport during Bladestorm resulting in a loss of proper functionality as reported here: 
Fixed Fulmin's firing mode / appearance can become desynced if transition is interrupted by Wisp's Wil-O-Wisp ability.
Fixed performing a ground slam on a Cryopod while Wukong's Primal Staff is equipped resulting in the Warframe's animation to get stuck in the air.
Fixed Wukong's Celestial Twin kills not counting towards the Power Trip Nightwave Act.
Fixed ability to cast Abilities and sprint upon dying while in Archwing during The War Within quest.
Fixed a spot in the Gas City tileset where players could become Tubemen, sliding down inside extremely narrow tubular machinery.
Fixed hearing another player's Wukong Specter casting Defy.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.2.3
**Date:** 2019-06-25T18:04:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.2.2
**Date:** 2019-06-21T18:48:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
You may have noticed a questionable Gift of the Lotus alert go live and then swiftly shoot up into the sky, never to be seen again... It hath returned in the form of a Summer Solstice celebration! Unthaw that frigid heart of yours and dip your toe into this limited Alert to receive a brand new Ignis Towsun Skin
going live shortly after this Hotfix.
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.2.2:
Wukong's Celestial Twin now behaves with Nullifiers by:
If Wukong enters the bubble with Celestial Twin active, nothing happens.
If Wukong's Celestial Twin enter the bubble, his Health will drain down.
Performance improvements towards Wukong's Celestial Twin and Cloud Walker.
Removed Wukong from Frame Fighter until balance can be restored with his newly revisited abilities. 
Fixed cancelling Wukong's Primal Fury with Celestial Twin resulting in an aggressive forward momentum. No Wukoptering with scissors! 
Fixed Client Celestial Twin not choosing to use your Secondary weapon.

### Fixes
Fixed Amalgam Daikyu Target Acquired not applying lifesteal to Zaw Nikanas.
Fixed receiving an error when attempting to purchase the Vectis Silferer Skin.
Fixed misalignment and clipping of Domestik Drones to the Orbiter ramp.
Players will no longer see Vaulted Relics that they do not own in the Relic Manager. Relics which you do not have, but are in current drop tables, are still shown.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.2.1
**Date:** 2019-06-20T19:35:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Update 25.2.0
**Date:** 2019-06-19T20:00:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Update 25.2.0:
Health increased from 100 to 150 (at max rank increased from 300 to 450).
Shield decreased from 125 to 100 (at max rank decreased from 375 to 300).
Why? Since Wukong's new kit now involves an Armour buff, relying more on his Health will enable a better synergy.
Energy increased from 100 to 120 (at max rank 150 to 180).
Sprint increased from .95 to 1.0.
Improved his Primary/Secondary Energy blend on his Helmet tails.
Updated Wukong's Arsenal Ability videos to reflect his Revisited abilities. 
Replaced existing Wukong tips with tips based on his revisited abilities.
Wukong evaporates into a fast-moving cloud of mist that will temporarily daze and paralyze enemies in his path. While in his cloud of mist, Cloud Walker has the additional mechanic of healing Wukong and his clone.
His movement can be interrupted by attacking at any time.
Cloud Walker has a much faster cast time which will no longer hold Wukong in place.
Wukong will no longer trigger laser traps or doors while using Cloud Walker.
Energy cost for Cloud Walker has been lowered.
Defy will now taunt enemies while Wukong and his clone gain temporary invulnerability with reduced movement speed. All damage is captured, stored, and dealt back in a single furious long range staff spin attack.
Based on the amount of damage prevented by Defy, Wukong and his clone will receive a temporary armour buff.
Press ability again to trigger spin early.
Primal Fury will feature a new specialized and streamlined combo for Wukong's legendary Iron Staff. As a preview of the upcoming Melee 3.0 system, Wukong's Primal Fury uses new combo routes with simplified inputs providing a safe, limited space to try out coming releases.
Damage for Wukong and his clone is redistributed for a more powerful feel, with a much higher status chance, larger base range, and some slash.
Casting no longer holds Wukong in place. With new energy requirements, the cast cost of Primal Fury was lowered but cast drain was increased to be turned off and on as desired.
Animation has been trimmed.
The range of Wukong's Iron Staff is always long, comparable to top range Zaws, and no longer needs to build combo to scale range.
Please visit our Dev Workshop post to read more about the reasons for these changes:
Made micro-optimizations to dozens of UI scripts.
Made micro-optimization when handling loot that falls into teleport pits.
Improved handling of corrupt cache and malfunctioning graphics drivers.
Improved error handling for failures to teleport people out of pits.
Improved handling of corrupt download caches.
Improved handling of crashing graphics drivers.
Refactored runaway loop detection for improved performance.

### Fixes
Fixed ability to choose any Relic type on any Void Fissure mission by queueing with squad.
Fixed Kela De Thaym not coming back down after completing the puzzle step which resulted in an infinite loop of firing missiles and Kela throwing insults at you. 
Fixed ability to gain Set Mod bonus by using multiple copies of the same Mod if you have a Sentinel or Moa. Set Mod bonuses require different Mods from the Set to gain the bonus.
Fixed 'Everything Old is New Again' and 'Loyalty' Nightwave Acts not awarding Standing.
Fixed the 'Silent Eliminator' Nightwave Act not failing when an enemy detects you, regardless of alarms. Step your stealth game up!
Fixed Harrow's Last Covenant Augment bonus time from headshots only appearing in the UI buff section (top right), not the Ability bar, where Ability would simply become "in use".
Fixed Mirage Sleight of Hand not working with Gas City objects.
Fixed Archwing enemy markers not showing more than 5 at once.
Fixed having 6 unranked Mods in the Trade slots appearing as fully rank after "the slots are full" message prompted, and accepting the Trade results in giving 1 max-ranked same Mod away instead of 6 unranked Mods, even when you didn't swap it.
Fixed Domestik Drones not spawning when returning from the Simulacrum.
Fixed a level hole in the Plains of Eidolon as reported here:
Fixed a level hole in the Orb Vallis tileset.
Fixed Equinox's Duality Augment clone running off ledges so frequently.
Fixed 'Loot corpse' context action was not disappearing for Clients in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed cases where the Capture target will not make attempts to escape in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed Gas Traps not replicating SFX / VFX for Clients in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed the bright white FX projector on Electrical Melee FX.
Fixed the Bow Dryad Skin having misaligned strings when equipped on the Lenz.
Fixed missing Melee front-finisher sounds for the Tatsu.
Fixed zipline slide sound looping forever open dismount.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.1.3
**Date:** 2019-06-14T17:33:55Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.1.2 + 25.1.2.1
**Date:** 2019-06-12T17:55:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.1.2:
The team has put together another chunk of UI changes to address your common suggestions. More to come as we continue to read your feedback!
Tweaked the alpha of the Unowned Relic grid to 40% from 25% to increase differentiation between owned / unowned.
Upon selecting an unowned Relic, the Refinement button will now read 'You Do Not Own This Relic' to alleviate Refinement possibility confusion.
Your alias in the Relic Reward screen is now displayed in a different color respective to your chosen UI Theme to help differentiate between yourself and squadmate. 
Fixed numerous Relic icons appearing stretched.
Integrated about 1000 micro-optimizations across hundreds of scripts.
Made a few dozen micro-optimizations to various UI and gameplay scripts.
Mesa Prime can now be used in Conclave.
Increased the Frost Ion Skin emissive brightness to be on par with others.
Hovering over Debt Bonds in Ticker's purchase screen now displays the amount you're getting, as opposed to just how many you already own.
Operator Hoods will now appear open when previewing Operator Earpiece dioramas.
Airborne Capture Targets in the Gas City tileset will now keep flying when critically injured, with his jetpack set on fire. Upon landing he will continue his escape, but the powerful explosion of his own jetpack will knock him down. He is yours now to capture, Tenno!
Made alt-tab to Borderless Warframe re-acquire the mouse immediately (like Fullscreen).

### Fixes
Fixed 'Providing' items (Hok, Rude Zuud, etc) not awarding the amount of Standing it says will be awarded. 
Fixed Client Operators entering "invisible" state that drains no Energy in high lag situations.
Fixed Revenant Thrall death pillars not causing damage on contact, only with projectiles for Clients.
Fixed Revenant Thralls created by pillar projectiles not showing its effect and cannot be damaged for Clients.
Fixed Strain Consume maggots auto-Reviving players if they are downed.
Fixed ability to briefly stand up / move around after being captured by Zanuka. 
Fixed accessing the pause menu while casting Wisp's Sol Gate ability causing the animation to break. 
Fixed breaking your body and soul after Transferring to the Operator during Simaris' Synthesis Tutorial. 
Fixed enemies from previous Zones randomly mingling in with the ones in the new Zone that you just entered.
Fixed casting Hildryn's Balefire, then falling off a ledge as Operator causes the Primary weapon to break and the Secondary weapon to become dual.
Fixed the Javlok Amalgam Mod and Reflection Mod stacking in an unexpected multiplicative way.
Fixed the Synth Deconstruct Mod effect ceasing to function if your only Set Mod is equipped on your on Sentinel and you respawn.
Fixed the new Essential Mod Bundles not being where they used to and being buried in with other miscellaneous bundles which may cause some confusion.
Fixed the Hydroid Karkinos dangly front tentacles being too stiff. 
Fixed the Titania Lympharis Skin Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Nyx Aures Helmet Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed Nyx's armband Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed Nyx Prime / Nyx Immortal Skins forearm Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed undiscovered Gas City Fragments showing as Plains of Eidolon Fragments in the Codex.
Fixed the Primed Cryo Rounds Mod not appearing in the Codex when owned.
Fixed a duplicate Demolyst entry in the Codex.
Fixed inability to Chat link Noggles.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Forest tileset as reported here:
Fixed Vector Shields visually disappearing when viewing it through a scoped weapon.
Fixed Grineer walking around in circles in Vor's Prize 'Find the Comms Segment'.
Fixed casting a headless Loki Decoy if the Loki Erebus Helmet equipped.
Fixed the Harpak chain sticking around for long periods.
Fixed a crash when selecting the Essential Toxic Mod Pack in the Market.
Fixed Ivara's Prowl FX pointing towards the ceiling and not the player.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.1.1
**Date:** 2019-06-06T20:50:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Deactivated Gas City Corpus Laser Doors during Invasions to prevent them mis-firing when you're supporting the Corpus.

### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.1.1:
The team has put together another chunk of UI changes to address your common suggestions. More to come as we continue to read your feedback!
Added the "owned" label back 
but instead of it reading as 'x5' it is now '5 Owned'. This will allow you to quickly see how many of a given Relic item you have at the selection screen at a glance (like before). 
Added Alias' (both yours and squadmates) to the Reward selection screen so that it's clear who is picking which Reward (yourself included) and where the bonus Void Traces are going.
Moved the Reward rarity bars below the items in both the Reward screen and Relic Refinement screen to better emphasize the relationship between the item and its rarity in hierarchy. 
Moved the Void Traces information to be directly below the Refinement options for better visibility in the Refinement screen. 
Moved selected Relic display as far up as it can comfortably be, as to not overlap the items with the tooltip. 
Centered item info popup on Reward items and squad Relics instead of being aligned to the left.
Wolf Creds still in your inventory can now be sold for 5K Credits.
Hordes of enemies no longer attack players who are trying to extract individually in the Disruption gamemode. This prevents potential Amalgams from running away from the players who are choosing to stick around and fight.
Made numerous performance optimizations to the Disruption gamemode.

### Fixes
Fixed a Host migration during the ground stage causing the weak links to be indestructible when fight the Ropalolyst.
Fixed Host/Clients becoming stuck with a black screen after falling off of level during the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed most Auras not reacting to changes in Rift-Status:
Banishing an Eximus enemy will remove its Aura from enemies out of the Rift, eg: if you Banish a Venomous Eximus and stay out of the Rift it won't be able to hit you with its Toxin Aura, or if you Banish an Ancient Healer it won't be able to protect its allies left behind.
Note this does not apply to the Corrosive Projection, Shield Disruption and EMP Auras.
Fixed the Hydrolyst and Gantulyst being affected by abilities that the Teralyst is immune to (e.g. Magus Anomaly).
Fixed a soft-lock when viewing Simaris' Offerings. 
Fixed edge-case crash where the Client managed to abort mission after his session was destroyed.
Fixed a script error that could occur when entering Orbiter Decoration mode from pause menu.
Fixed a script error that could happen if you joined a mission just as a Syndicate Standing reward was given.
Fixed issues that occurred when items had accumulated more than 4 billion XP.
*You will now see an XP clamp of 999,999,999.
Fixed Corpus Gas City Laser Gate randomization (it was never randomizing at all before in procedural levels).
Fixed missing collision on a ledge in the Gas City Defense tileset.
Fixed dark lighting sections in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed the Kasha Kavat Armor not using emissive colors.
Fixed Kavat tails not applying the chosen Energy colors.
Fixed the Nyx Graxx Helmet Energy color not applying.
Fixed Pax Seeker bolts appearing default Energy colour for Clients.
Fixed Energy colors on Nikana sheathes not being applied in mission.
Fixed the Thanatos Sugatra not sitting correctly on most weapons.
Fixed Khora Mithra Skin having material inconsistencies when switching her Attack, Protect, and Heal postures.
Fixed the Hydroid Karkinos dangly tentacles being disjointed from the Helmet.
Fixed the medallion dangle on the Valkyr Leonessa Helmet.
Fixed viewing certain Chat linked Skins not displaying the chosen UI Themed background or a diorama.

## The Jovian Concord: Update 25.1.0
**Date:** 2019-06-05T18:36:15Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
A Noggle has been added to the Market that has us very excited now.

### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Update 25.1.0:
Wisp's Breach Surge now guarantees a surge spark when you land the killing blow.
Increased base range of Wisp's Breach Surge from 15m to 18m.
Wisp's Blueprint can now be sold for 2500 Credits.
Fixed Wisp's Sol Gate ability being able to damage Nullifier bubbles (and then killing the Nullifier). This follows precedent with other Warframe abilities that were fixed (Revenant).
Demolysts can no longer be disarmed by the Halikar, as they stop attacking the Conduit. This follows precedent with Demolysts already being immune to the effects of Loki's and Mesa's disarm abilities. 
Changed TennoGen creator items by 'Malayu' to now read 'Malaya'.
Upon selecting to craft a Clan Key, the Foundry will automatically now show the 'Clan Key' crafting screen instead of making you search for it.
Trading Post permissions have been disbled for people visiting the Dojo IF the Dojo is current in the 'Featured Dojo' Star Chat spot (unless you're a Clan member) to prevent Trading pop-up spam.
Diriga has learned to shoot the new Laser Doors and Shock Turrets in the Gas City tileset.
Monitors now show 'Stand By' and glitchy screen transmissions upon Alad V's death in the Gas City tileset.
Made some adjustments to a few arm Armour pieces on the Nyx Paristhea Skin.
Made a micro-optimization to Chroma's Vex Armor ability.
Made some micro-optimizations to a number of gamemodes.
Made micro-optimizations to a number of gameplay scripts.
Made a micro-optimization to Amalgam Arca Kucumatz's beam attack.
Made some micro-optimization to the HUD.
Made some micro-optimizations to in-game Transmissions.
Made a micro-optimization to the Aim-Gliding FX.
Added shimmer material to Relic rarity bars to draw attention to them, more specifically, for the Reward choice screen during endless Void Fissure missions but will appear in all places with the rarity bars (info popup, Reward choice, Relic Manager, etc).
Increased the scale of the Relic rarity bar icons in the Relic Reward choice screen to 125%.
Hovering over the Rarity bars in the Relic Reward choice screen will now show a tooltip indicating the Rarity (Common/Uncommon/Rare).
Moved the item info popup below the Relic reward items in the Reward choice screen so that hovering over a reward does not cover other rewards.
The UI message indicating that you have attempted to equip an unowned Relic for a Void Fissure mission no longer shows a 'cancel' option, since it's redundant with the other option of 'ok'.
Changed the Relic Manager menu "sort by Rank" to "sort by Refinement".
Fixed the Relic tab reverting back to 'All' after Refining a Relic in a different tab (Meso, Axi, etc).
Fixed color indication not appearing when selecting a Relic Reward in a non-endless Void Fissure mission.
Fixed Relic Reward grid items being vertically too close together, causing the rarity bars to overlap or just be closer to the above items than the item they are representing

### Fixes
Fixes towards cases of the Ropalolyst not firing its beam.
Fixed Transferring to the Operator immediately after returning to the Orbiter from a mission resulting in a stuck state, requiring you to reboot Warframe to fix.
Fixed cases of the Teralyst not spawning when initiating the Bounty from Konzu.
Fixed enemies spawning being uneffected by Corrosive Projection, Shield Disruption and EMP Auras worn by players in the Rift at the time.
Fixed Zanuka being unable to capture Hildryn, Wisp, Revenant, Chroma, Frost, Excalibur, Inaros, Nova, Vauban, Volt, Wukong, Ash, Hydroid, Mag, Trinity, Titania and Valkyr.
Fixed Ivara's Infiltrate Augment Mod still triggering alarms from Laser Doors in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed seeing Spy Vault lasers from outside the Gas City tileset.
Fixed Warframe Rank Bonus UI not resetting when Polarized with a Forma.
Fixed Platinum prices appearing for TennoGen items in the Market. Purchasing would take you to the normal Steam Wallet screen.
Fixed the Repair Kit Mod showing up as "unidentified item" and not being revealed until End-of-Mission.
Fixed seeing a large beam of light FX when firing the Ferrox with Mirage's Hall of Mirrors active as reported here:
Fixed one of theGas City doors with security scanners detecting players even if they were in Limbo's Rift.
Fixed placeholder screen textures in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed some decorations in the Gas City tileset missing collision. 
Fixed missing Cypher code clues FX in The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed the Acrid Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Aures Diadem and Lumis Earpiece Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed Strain Mod Maggots Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Tonfa Ba'geth Skin Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Oberon Ferosh Helmet Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Kazeru Prime Sugatra Energy color not applying to the electricity.
Fixed missing emissives on the Prisma Grinlok.
Fixed Kavat Armor taking the incorrect emissive colors.
Fixed engine emissives not being part of the Cydonia Liset Skins.
Fixed the Liset Sydonia Skin having incorrect vent FX.
Fixed blocky looking emissives on the Frost Zastruga Helmet as reported here:
Fixed Tesla Coil Traps effects/sounds not disappearing for Clients when destroyed in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed Drone and Orokin Enemies having overly zoomed Codex dioramas.
Fixed title for the 'Customize Landing Craft' screen appearing as 'Orbiter Appearance'. 
Fixed missing Ankyros Icon in the Inventory UI.
Fixed typo in Garuda's Dread Mirror Arsenal stats.
Fixed some text boxes not having enough room for Polish UI translations. 
Fixed another instance of red ice on the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed Lunaro Practice VO and Practice cinematics overlapping the regular VO.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.8
**Date:** 2019-05-31T20:15:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.8:
Boosted Drop Chance of Hexenon from Amalgams to ~7.7%, and increased Hexanon rewards from the Disruption gamemode by 25%.
Reduced the run speed of Melee Nullifiers and shrunk their Nullifying bubbles down to 66% of the previous size in the Gas City tileset
thanks for your feedback, Tenno!
'Copy Main Colors' in the Arsenal will now update Energy FX as well (like Randomize does).
Optimized leaderboard UI display.

### Fixes
Fixed the Ropalolyst walking around in circles after landing due to being affected by Magus Lockdown! HUGE appreciation to all the Tenno who provided detailed repro steps, and shoutout to hix3r for a top tier post + many Partners for attempting to reproduce!
Fixed cases of Operator falling into a teleport volume twice before being placed safely in the middle platform during the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed the Ropalolyst turning itself upside down for no advantageable reason at all.
Fixed tower collision volumes not being disabled for Clients in the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed a crash that could occur if the download cache was corrupted.
Fixed Ivara's Cloak arrow functioning on Defense objectives, leaving enemies unable to find it. 
Fixed the Amalgam Argonak Metal Auger Mod not removing Armor with Dagger attacks.
Fixed inability to add a Precept Polarity to Venari using Forma.
Fixed missing various UI elements or getting a black screen after entering the vent simultaneously at the start of Profit-Taker Bounty 3.
Fixed an issue with Vapos Ranger enemies spawning infinitely in one spot in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed Arcanes awarded through Bounties showing as Mods in the UI.
Fixed Ambient Occlusion setting being disabled.
Fixed issues in a Gas City Spy Vault including stuck spots, teleports and possible performance concerns.
Fixed a bug in one of the Gas City Spy Vaults (with fire, ice, and core lasers), where the core lasers were not turning off for Clients.
Fixed Revenant's default Energy color being too green.
Fixed Maggots from Strain Mods/Nidus not using the proper emissive colors.
Fixed the Lecta Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Simulor Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Ignis Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed the Edo Prime Armor not applying Energy colors in the Dojo.
Fixed the Komorex light FX being too intense. 
Fixed the Lenz jets still appearing when you apply the Dryad Bow Skin.
Fixed seeing red fog in Void tilesets.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.7
**Date:** 2019-05-30T20:24:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.6
**Date:** 2019-05-29T20:15:01Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.5
**Date:** 2019-05-28T21:14:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.5:
Operation: Hostile Mergers Endurance score stat is now displayed in the Player/Clan Profile > Stats.

### Fixes
Further fixes towards your Warframe teleporting to last Operator position when falling out of the map during the Ropalolyst fight which resulted in a constant fade-in/fade-out black screen. We are working on an additional fix that we aim to ship tomorrow.
Fixed inability to Donate Hexenon to the Clan Vault.
Fixed the Komorex's Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Unity Planter not displaying properly in its Market diorama.
Fixed missing collision on the Terra Auto Turrets in Orb Vallis.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.4
**Date:** 2019-05-28T18:32:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.3
**Date:** 2019-05-24T22:08:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Thanks to your awesome feedback, we are able to make a handful of much requested tweaks to the gamemode. Keep it coming!
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.3:
Increased Amalgam spawn rate! This will be more noticeable the more players you have in the squad.
Disruption Marker UI visibility changes:
Increased Conduit and key marker color lightness to make them more visible (in-world, minimap and objective UI)
Increased the in-world display range of key pickup markers
Lowered the minimum radius of Conduit markers and increased their attachment height
Demolysts no longer spawn at the same point for each Conduit, instead they will spawn randomly within a set range from the Conduit.
Reduced the force applied to pickups spawned by the Conduit Resupply buff and raised their spawn height further above the Conduit.
Made a micro-optimization to the Disruption game mode.
Fixes towards Nullifier effects from Demolysts lingering permanently for Clients in Disruption.
Fixed a progression stopping issue where the Disruption Conduits would not spawn if you killed a Demolyst at the exact last second of their combustion. 
Fixed numerous Host migration fixes for Disruption Conduits:
Fixed references to Demolysts being lost (fixes Health bar UI issue)
Fixed Demolysts not attacking the Conduits
Fixed Demolysts not exploding next to Conduits
Fixed Demolysts not appearing in the Codex.
The following items have been added to Simaris' Offerings:
Imperator Blueprint
Veritux Blueprint
Revenant Blueprint
Garuda Blueprint
Removed Amalgams spawning on Jupiter > Themisto due to narrative/lore confusion.
Made a micro-optimization to the Gas City fire hazards.
Slight tweaks to Wisp's skirt cloth to reduce clipping in the thigh region and in various other Idle Animations.
Hovering over the Ganymede node and Ropalolyst node now display requirements to unlock if you can't access it.
Nidus Virulence's tips on ground effect will now use your Secondary Energy colors.
Removed work-in-progress fancy Melee finishers that slipped through the Mainline cracks!
Improved Octavia's emissive detail visibility.

### Fixes
Fixed players getting stuck in an infinite falling loop during the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed cases of the Ropalolyst being unable to fly.
Fixed the Ropalolyst continuing to navigate towards towers it has already been...deceived by.
Fixed random foot popping animations on the Ropalolyst. 
Fixed ability to infinitely spawn Amalgams during the Ropalolyst fight. 
Fixed digital Lotus transmissions playing for Clients in the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed some FX lingering for Clients, and others not being visible.
Fixed Ropalolyst whooshing sounds not playing when 'riding the bull'.
Fixed a script error when falling off a platform in the Ropalolyst fight.
Fixed a progression stopper in the Sands of Inaros Quest where the Tomb Guardians were invincible. 
Fixed a rare crash when going from Vallis/Plains to Fortuna/Cetus after leaving the squad.
Fixed crashes when going to the Arcane selection screen for a Kitgun while playing in Japanese.
Fixed newly-migrated Endless mission Host not receiving a reward at the end of the next interval.
Fixed an issue that made Arca Plasmor, Fulmin and Catchmoon projectiles deal damage twice on the hit when the projectile is destroyed. This was not a case of 'always worked this way' as it was accidentally introduced by the Jovian Concord.
Fixed the Repair Kit Mod having no Polarity and costs more to equip on a Polarized slot.
Fixed inability to pick up Energy Orbs in the Gas City Index tileset as reported here:
Fixed 'Mastered' indication not being displayed when focusing on the Purchase/About button in the Market.
Fixed 'Mastered' indication not being displayed when viewing Dojo Research Recipes.
Fixed Refined Relics not displaying their Drop sources.
Fixed the Tecton Sparring Skin not appearing in its diorama. 
Potential fix for Nidus gaining back 3/4 of his Energy when casting abilities in Frame Fighter.
Fixed the Phage reload sound playing constantly if the Hectagon Skin is equipped.
Fixed filter opacity not working in Captura.
Fixed clicking Chat linked Mods not showing how many you own.
Fixed Ducat prices not being displayed for some items that can be sold for Ducats.
Fixed not seeing Polychrome color preview or being able to apply it in the Dojo. If a Polychrome is failing to apply, simply remove and try again!
Fixed not seeing Energy color FX when customizing Weapons/Attachments. 
Fixed Rhino's Rubedo Skin missing its emissives. 
Fixed Chroma's Graxx Helmet Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed Valkyr's Gersemi Skin Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed Falcor's Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Styx Syandana Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Vaykor Syandana Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Naviga Prime Sugatra Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed the Mithra Greatsword Skin Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed Broken War Energy color persisting as default. 
Fixed Nikana Gemini Sheath Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Mesa Graxx Helmet Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed the Spitfire Graxx Syandana Energy color persisting as default.
Fixed parts of Nyx's Absorb ability that weren't applying Energy colors.
Fixes towards Kavat eye color not being applied.
Fixed Rescue prison tower sounds not sounding right in two terminal rooms in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed some dark lit rooms/hallways in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed some cargo trams pushing players out of the Gas City tieset.
Fixed a placeholder name for one of the Drop Ship variants in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed a script error when closing the a Lore Fragment entry before it is loaded.
Fixed a script error when Sacrificing items to Rank up a Syndicate.
Fixed a softlock after buying an item from Simaris' Offerings.

## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.2 + 25.0.2.1
**Date:** 2019-05-23T20:41:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.1
**Date:** 2019-05-23T02:28:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Known issues:
### Changes
The Jovian Concord: Hotfix 25.0.1:
We're working on a fix for the resolution issues some people are experiencing with High-DPI displays. 
The Kogake Weapon has vanished from progression for a lot of Tenno. We are aware and working on a fix. Rest assured it will be restored. 
Rivens appearing as 'Croniton' are broken Kogake Rivens.
Ropalolyst will now attempt to kick you off if you choose to 'ride the bull' for more than 30 seconds.
Fixed inability to proceed in the Ropalolyst boss fight if the Client player has died.
Fixed capacitor tower replication issues for Clients in the Ropalolyst boss right room.
Fixes towards Ropalolyst getting stuck in the top of the capacitor towers.
Fixed certain Transmissions playing back to back instead of spaced out when playing the Ropalolyst Boss node when a Client joined a mission.
Removed the Wisp Blueprint from the Market, as it's intended to be a Ropalolyst drop.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to proceed in the Sacrifice quest when attempting to trigger a console.
Fixed the Disruption 'Energy Drain' modification applying to the Operator's Energy which prohibited ability to Transfer back.
Fixed the Adaptation Mod not actually providing any resistance value after Reviving. 
Fixed the Odomedic Buff timer continually getting reset instead of stacking charges.
Fixed a soft-lock when viewing Darvo's Deals in the Relay if you had Discord running.
Fixed spawning a free, but temporary, Domestik Drone just by simply previewing it in the Market. 
Fixed the Domestik Drone appearing as a Blueprint in the Market Preview diorama.
Fixed Magus Lockdown not function properly with Tyl Regor. 
Fixed the Repair Kit Mod not being displayed as a Drop/in the Codex. This resulted in some players becoming Trade banned, which will be fixed upon relog. 
Fixed incorrect Energy colors on the Mag Ferro Helmet.
Fixed Hildryn and Garuda Specters never using Abilities. 
Fixed a script error when Replicating a Warframe Blueprint in the Dojo.
Fixed a script error when completing a Round in The Index Endurance. 
Fixed a script error when purchasing Debt-Bonds from Ticker.

## The Jovian Concord: Update 25
**Date:** 2019-05-22T21:31:25Z | **Type:** Update
## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.8.3
**Date:** 2019-05-10T17:58:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The Wolf is on the prowl, Dreamers -
and we know exactly where he and his Fugitives are lurking.
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.8.3:
Fight the Wolf in two Tactical Alerts starting today at 2:15PM ET for a limited time:
Reduced The Wolf of Saturn Six's tankiness. 
Self Damage reduced by Cautious Shot increased from 90% to 99%.
Adjusted the Arbitration Shield Drone hitbox to encapsulate the whole visible body.

### Fixes
Fixed the Kuva Siphon Cloud hitbox being much taller than the Cloud suggests. 
Fixed Saryn's Toxic Lash not being affected by Corpus Nullifier fields. 
Fixed the Tatsu unique mechanic no longer functioning correctly once a player dies and revives.
Fixed anti-stationary-target grenades thrown by Corpus Crewmen having their explosion timer being set to 0.5s upon landing on the ground. Now they are on par with Grineer grenades again (3~4s lifetime).
Fixed an issue where Damage conversion Mods could sometimes convert to the wrong type of Damage.
Fixed a memory leak on Khora's Stangledome that could result in low FPS over time as reported here: 
Fixed various cases of missing Transmission lip sync animations. 
Fixed a sound bug when Dual Wielding the Glaive and performing an aerial attack.
Fixed an issue with Heavy Weapons not getting their Ammo back after cooldown time as a Client.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.8.2
**Date:** 2019-04-30T17:59:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.8.1
**Date:** 2019-04-26T18:38:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.8.1:
In an effort to increase visibility, both the Arbitration Shield Drone beam and Resurgence Burden colors have been changed to a more orange hue! We've also cranked up the contrast and added a more recognizable pulsing FX.

Resurgence Burdens are no longer affected by Vacuum.
All Resurgence Burdens will now be removed if the player needing revival leaves/dies, and if you die while carrying Resurgence Burdens.
Changed the VITUS ILLUMINA EMOTE to its proper name of ILLUMINA JUDICIUM.
Fixed losing all Resurgence Burdens after a Host migration if a player was still in need of revival.
Known Arbitration UI bug: Host sees a different amount of Resurgence Burdens on Clients when they Transfer to Operator/Warframe.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash when selecting different Loadout options in the Arsenal.
Fixed a crash when accessing the Gear wheel. 
Fixed a functionality loss when viewing Cetus vendors while waiting for a Bounty mission to start.
Fixed several small problems with the Darvo Rescue stage of Vor's Prize.
Fixed Beam weapons and Gunblades not affecting the Bursting Mass Mod damage on detonate.
Fixed Alad V not having any eyeball textures.
Fixes towards waypoint flip-flopping in the Lua tileset.
Fixed a Corpus Archwing level hole as reported here:
Fixed an endless teleporting loop in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed other players hearing Alt Firing sounds from numerous weapons.
More fixes towards wonky lantern textures in Teshin's Relay room as reported here:
Fixed missing words in the Hystrix description.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Update 24.8.0
**Date:** 2019-04-24T20:20:15Z | **Type:** Update
## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.7.3
**Date:** 2019-04-22T19:31:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
The Ventkids Clubhouse Scene that slipped through the Mainline cracks has been added to the Ventkids Offerings!

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.7.3:
A Clan Dojo Map Legend can now be accessed by pressing the \ key when viewing the Map (can be changed under 'Customize Key Bindings')!
Removed unreleased Ephemera from being Chat linkable...shhhhh. 
Tweaks to bring Limbo's Rift FX to a happy medium between different levels of environment exposure.

### Fixes
Fixed bugs caused by prototype code that could corrupt input bindings and break menu input as described here: 
Fixed a script error that could result in a Defense mission progression stopper.
Fixed a script error in timed Nightmare missions. 
Fixed Submersible enemies not spawning in the Grineer Sealab tileset due to a script error.
Fixed inability to damage the Juggernaut with Hildryn's Balefire. 
Fixed dying as Operator while using Guardian Shell causing players to be unable to Transfer back to Operator.
Further fixes towards Assassin type enemies (Wolf of Saturn Six, Stalker, Syndicate, etc) choosing to appear as you're extracting.
Fixed having no Shields in Archwing if Inaros or Nidus are equipped.
Fixed doing a double Melee slam attack when Dual Wielding with a Glaive.
Fixed perpetually spinning when Dual Wielding with a Glaive. 
Fixed the Synth Mod Set Bonus resulting in your weapon reload stopping and Synth icon stuck for a Client players after Operator mode.
Fixed Clients being able to hear switching sounds for the Stradavar.
Fixed a script error that occurred when an objective was triggered.
Fixed the player Notes positioning not matching if Menu Scale is not 100%.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.7.2
**Date:** 2019-04-17T19:46:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.7.1
**Date:** 2019-04-11T20:05:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.7.1:
Yesterday's Update 24.7.0 included the change of Secondary Energy color applying to Warframe emissives
but it seems we got it backwards and shipped with Secondary being the dominant color. This has been rectified to have Primary as the dominant color with Secondary Energy being the "halo" color around it. To clarify even further, Primary Energy colors will cover the brightest emissive area with the Secondary Energy color covering the darkest emissive area.
We know we have more work to do to really polish this new Fashionframe option, as you may still notice some emissive areas are not equal to others. This will take time to properly implement
we thank you for your patience!
A short FX will now appear in the Arsenal as an effort to help display how your chosen Secondary Energy color will blend with your Warframe's abilities.
Fixed Warframe Helmets not using the full Primary Energy color if defaults are applied, or if you just have the Primary chosen.
Updated the public Drop Table for the Sentient Wolf to include the Wolf Hammer component Blueprints, and increased the drop chance to match the regular Wolf table. Previously was a 25% chance for the Wolf Hammer Blueprint to drop, now it's a 35% chance for either the Blueprint or one of its components to drop.
Slightly reduced the fog in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Swapped mentions of PRIMARY/SECONDARY to ACTIVE/INACTIVE, and MAKE PRIMARY to ACTIVATE in the Focus manager UI screen.

### Fixes
Fixed crashes caused by alt-tab when playing fullscreen and using a Steam Controller.
Fixed cases where you could move around with the Steam Controller when you should be locked in position (eg: during a Heist briefing).
Fixed recasting Nidus' Ravenous in new a location not properly recalculating Maggot explosions.
Fixed sound discrepancies when using the 'Wolf Howl' Emote.
Fixed Hildryn attempting to give her Balefire to Rescue/Defense Targets.
Fixed a memory leak related to the Rahn Prism FX.
Fixed a HUD memory leak when dying and respawning.
Fixed Atlas' Karst shoulder piece not hiding when aiming with a weapon.
Fixed Atlas' Karst Golems not appearing in his Abilities Arsenal screen.
Fixed level holes in the Lua Halls of Judgement area.
Fixed level holes in the Infested Corpus tileset.
Fixed Hildryn's Pillage ability being described as 'Shield Pillage'.
Fixed Lisets having uncolorable areas.
Fixed unbaked textures in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed the Lynx hanging in the Grineer Spy Vault tileset appearing black.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Update 24.7.0 + 24.7.0.1
**Date:** 2019-04-10T20:22:12Z | **Type:** Update
Over the weekend we rerolled the Sortie due to impassable doors in the chosen Grineer Galleon tileset. We have since fixed the issue of impassable doors in numerous Grineer tilesets as reported here:
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Update 24.7.0:
Secondary Energy color now applies to Warframe emissives! You might have to get creative with your color combinations to make it really pop:
Secondary Energy color now applies to Nova's Wormhole ability.
Fixed Secondary Energy color not applying to numerous Melee weapons if the primary Energy color was default. 
Fixed the Ki'Teer Sekhara being extremely bright after the Secondary Energy color update in 24.6.0.
Fixed lens flares not properly applying the Secondary Energy color (noticeable when casting Mesa's Ballistic Battery/Shooting Gallery).
Fixed Clients only seeing primary Energy color on Syandanas.
Renamed Hildryn's Shield Pillage ability to simply Pillage to not overshadow the Armor stripping functionality. Hildryn's Pillage Arsenal SHIELD DRAIN stat now reads as "DRAIN".
Assassin type enemies (Wolf of Saturn Six, Stalker, Syndicate, etc) no longer choose to appear as you're extracting as reported here: 
Capped multi purchases for Syndicate stores that use currency other than Standing (e.g. Nightwave, Nakak) to what can be afforded with currently owned Resources.
Moved spawn location of a Kuva Siphon to prevent the Kuva cloud from getting stuck under staircases in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Limbo's Banish ability timer will now immediately expire if all Banished enemies are killed before the timer counts down (for real this time).
The 'Wolf Howl' Emote will now play howling sounds (only audible for the local player).
Changed the Korrudo Riven Disposition to 1 (previously 0.5).
Over 20 Melee and Primary weapons/Skins have received the PBR treatment! From Candy Cane Scythe to Tigris, our art team has been updating our back catalog! 
Made Captura and dynamic skies play nicer together! Much of Cetus or Vallis FX were lost in the Captura settings, which should be fixed now!
Widened the wall gap for the purpose of Warframe size sliding in the Lua tileset as requested here:
Increased the Tusk Thumper encounter chances and lowered the encounter cooldown from 180-240s to 90-120s. 
Converted the Tusk Thumper's Health class from 'Cloned Flesh' to a more appropriate 'Hulking Armor' class.
Fixed cases of extremely high damage breaking Tusk Thumper, making it impossible to destroy, such as the Tusk Thumper remaining alive after destroying it and excess damage from shooting off the armor plates going towards the main Health bar.
Fixed Tusk Thumper despawning if it or players moved too far from where it originally spawned. 
Fixed the Tusk Thumper's damage reduction not applying to all hit types
Fixed a script error that could occur after killing the Thumper, such as Operator Amps.
Nyx's Psychic Bolts now have an instant recast which simply selects 6 new targets and despells on older targets automatically.
Atlas' Karst Market dioramas now display his accompanying deluxe Golems.

### Fixes
Fixed Corrupted Vor no longer doing his monologue if you had Creator Mode enabled (sometimes without). Look at them, they come to this place...
Fixed an issue where abomination Landing Crafts were possible with customization bugs. 
Fixes towards cases of Arbitration rewards being out of sync on the server.
Fixed The Index breaking if a player dies and then disconnects before they respawn.
Fixed cases of Caches in the Plains spawning in the ground.
Fixed Operator's initial Void Dash being frequently interrupted by Void Aegis and may require repeats to travel.
Fixed your Warframe attempting to "sheathe" the Operator during the Second Dream quest.
Fixed Inaros & Nidus being given Shields from ally Shield Ospreys.
Fixed Harrow Condemn slamming you to the ground if you are within 8m above it (before slam changes it only prevented cast when in air above 8m).
Fixed rare cases of Melee bonuses (Damage, Crit, etc) getting applied to your Sniper.
Fixed AI/Companions unable to escape damage zones, such as sewage pits, in the Grineer Shipyards Interception tileset.
Fixing Pet Companions being killed in the middle of a jump across a forced-teleport volume becoming unrecoverable, due to Pets being exempt from teleporting.
Fixed incorrect Alt Fire reload animation for the Corrinth. 
Fixed an issue where your Melee weapon could get hidden if you spammed Dodge after a Melee Slam.
Fixed Equinox's Metamorphosis Ability Day/Night stats being flipped in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Silver Grove ending diorama overwriting Titania with whatever Warframe you have equipped.
Fixed the Oberon Wendigo Skin having incorrect textures when 'Toggle Prime Parts' is enabled.
Fixed incorrect material meshes on the Corpus Lynx.
Fixed Archguns are being sorted both by name and the presence of a Gravimag. 
Fixed Grineer Tram appearing pitch black in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed Plains Cave water disappearing upon getting close to it.
Fixing a leaking effect on Hildryn's projectiles which could affect performance.
Fixed Dargyns having weirdly high flight paths near the edge of the Plains map.
Fixed your Profile screen appearing incorrect if opened in the Nightwave screen.
Fixed Sawgaw Codex images appearing as Condrocs. 
Fixed a script error that would occur after a Host migration during a Bounty.
Fixed a crash caused by the Pilfering Strangledome Augment.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.6.2 + 24.6.2.1
**Date:** 2019-04-05T20:50:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.6.2:
Cuthol Bait blueprint is now sellable for 100,000 Credits.
Increased the visual size of the Plains sun to match remastered sundisc.
Fixed Loc-Pins being placed at unreachable heights in the Plains.
Lost Loc-Pins have been returned to your Inventory. 
Fixed the sleep abilities of Ivara, Baruuk, and Equinox not giving you the option to capture animals in Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed the Drone in "Protect the Drone" Plains Bounties sometimes getting caught on the landscape.
Fixes towards waterfall textures in the Plains looking more like yogurt than water (also applies to Dojo waterfall Decorations).
Fixed a level hole in the Plains terrain.
Fixed some darkly lit rocks in the Plains.
Fixed rain clouds persisting in the Plains but no rain falling. 
Fixed Konzu Transmissions appearing to flicker when Temporal AA is enabled.
Fixed Cetus vendors appearing to have 'poppy' looking lip animations.
Fixed squished Mining result icons.
Fixed Plains enemies getting stuck on cables. 
Fixed holes in geometry at the main gate of Cetus.
Tusk Thumpers will now only call in reinforcements when at half Health or lower.
Tusk Thumper charge behavior now has a timeout to prevent it from getting stuck charging indefinitely.
Tweaks to improve Tusk Thumper jump animations.
Fixed Tusk Thumper weak points getting covered / disabled when it wasn't the one taking damage.
Reverted the Ogris Changes made in 24.6.0:
Converted from Charged to Semi Auto.
Ammo pool increased from 20 to 30.
Area-of-Effect increased from 6 to 7m.
Area-of-Effect damage reduced from 600 to 400.
The Tatsu Soul Swarm (Revenant) projectiles now have a lifetime of 5 seconds. 
Reduced some casting sounds for Hildryn.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to extract from the Archwing Mobile Defense mission on Earth, Erpo.
Fixed Arcane ranks displaying with wrong formatting as reported here: 
Fixed Secondary Energy colors not applying to certain things (Revenant's Helmet beard, etc).
Fixed ability to utilize dual Energy colour without Forma by using 'Copy Warframe Colors' to your weapon.
Fixed a nonfunctional 'Railjack' related prompt.
Fixed seeing a flash of color when switching between Upgrade tabs in the Arsenal.
Fixed small font Chat appearing blurry.
Fixed all Mergoo variants appearing the same in the Codex.
Fixed a script error when attempting to start an animal hunt after a Host migration.
Fixed a script error when you capture an animal but die just as the screen comes up.
Fixed a script error when viewing Nightwave Episode dioramas.
Fixed a script error when casting Oberon's Reckoning.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.6.1
**Date:** 2019-04-05T02:00:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Hotfix 24.6.1:
Changed Rahn Prism Blueprint to require 3 Seram Beetle Shells instead of Glappid Bait.

### Fixes
Fixed the Film Grain setting always being enabled. 
Fixed several crashes when resetting your key bindings to defaults.
Fixed a crash that could occur when transitioning from the Plains back to Cetus. 
Fixed a crash when dying.
Fixed a random crash that randomly happened at random. Did we mention it's random?
Fixes towards Multishot Mods potentially not working with the Simulor.
Loc-Pins skyrocket out of reach making them inaccessible to remove.
Script will be run tomorrow to refund Loc-Pins back.

## Plains of Eidolon Remaster: Update 24.6.0
**Date:** 2019-04-04T23:14:14Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Ticker has added a Venus Bounty Trap to their Secondhand Wares! A true hunter keeps their tools close at hand.
Added Warframe Ability videos for Harrow, Khora, Octavia, and Gara in their respective Arsenal Abilities screen.
Added out-of-bounds triggers to some spots where it's possible to get stuck in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Added Damage Multiplier stat when previewing Saryn's Miasma ability.
Added a custom icon for Nagantaka's reload speed buff.
Added Horrasque and Stover to the Codex.
Tusk and Kuva Fortress Shield Lancers have a new look for their shield! 
Added a tint to the background of certain UI screens to match the current chosen Theme.
Added a new setting under Equipment > Landing Craft > Interior, where old and future Interiors will live so you no longer need to sell to remove.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon Remaster: Update 24.6.0:
Back at it again with them Mainlines! This Update is around 2GB of eye melting foliage, burp inducing Thermia changes, Floofs so cute your body will produce sounds you didn't know it could, and much more! Please let us know if you encounter any WIP slips
like that Tyl Regor Noggle...
We've added a suite of improvements, including updated terrain textures, dynamic lighting, richly detailed trees and foliage, as well as a more nuanced day/night cycle. Plus, with all the technical improvements, the Plains runs smoother than ever!
You can now track and tranq animals in the Plains! Master Teasonai will be your source for Echo-Lures and Rarity Boosters as you track down, capture and get these animals to safety. Echo-Lures are not required as these animals continually roam the Plains, but calling them will bring them running (or flying!). A new Conservation Badge and Floofs from Master Teasonai await your efforts.
Reports of a new Grineer machine have spread to Cetus. Vay Hek has deployed Tusk Thumpers -
mobile defense platforms that are just as efficient as they are deadly. Be prepared to encounter three menacing Thumpers of increasing size and difficulty: the Tusk Thumper, the Tusk Thumper Bull, and the Tusk Thumper Doma.
Without a vulnerability to use to your advantage, you'll need to identify and expose their weak spots to take them down as quickly as possible. Take too long, and they'll release reinforcement drones.
Make sure to visit Nakak and get your Tusk Thumper Floofs by trading in Resources! There's one for each type of Thumper, collect them all!
With Fortuna's release, we applied some general economy changes based on takeaways from Cetus. Now that we have returned to Cetus and the Plains of Eidolon with a remaster, we are applying some 'Economy Remaster' changes to go with the changes in an effort to apply our continued learnings. Change is the name of the game
thank you for all feedback on our economies and for being receptive to change!
Find the Korrudo in the Market, or as a Tusk Thumper drop!
We have added a new Option called "Creator Mode"! This exists to help players and Content Creators with a simple principle: no distractions, no spoilers. 
When this is toggled on:
Fortuna Citizens won't reveal their secret. 
The Lotus will no longer be as purple. 
Operator transmissions will be voice only.
Email on login screen will be all ********** like the password
On-orbiter transmissions and in-mission bumpers for Invasions / Alerts will not appear.
Fashion Frame just got a little more energetic! We have now added a SECONDARY Energy customization slot in the Arsenal! This is simply a free added bonus when Forma'ing gear. 
All Gear can unlock this once Forma is applied! All non-Forma compatible goods (Syandanas, Etc) have this automatically.
Players who can handle an increased challenge are now able to opt-in to making their Thermia Fracture's more difficult! We have added a method to allow players to increase difficulty and lower the overall duration needed to complete 4 Fractures.
Fracture Burps happen on a random timer (5-15 seconds) and randomly selected from the list below:
Nullifier Burp
Burst of energy that creates a nullifier volume around the Fracture for a brief moment.
Radiation Status Effect Burp
Damage burst with 100% Radiation Status Effect.
Rage Burp
Increases the damage output of nearby enemies.
Thermic Raknoids
Spawns Thermic Raknoids. A new Raknoid variant with unique stats and aesthetic! 
Eximus Burp
Spawns Eximus units.
Enemy Level Burp
Increases the current enemy level.
Removed "cast on ground" requirements for the following Warframe abilities:
Trinity Well of Life
Trinity Energy Vampire
Trinity Link
Frost Avalanche
Atlas Tectonics
Mag Crush
Chroma Effigy
Loki Radial Disarm
Additionally, the following abilities require ground to activate, but can now be cast in the air and will do a melee-esque slam to the ground:
Rhino Stomp
Banshee Sound Quake
Oberon Hallowed Ground
Khora Strangledome
Nidus Virulence
Harrow Condemn
Whip and Sword slide attacks now do the same damage with a Stance equipped as without.
Kills add charges (up to 5 max) that release seeking projectiles (same amount as charges) on slide attacks to stun enemies.
The Knell is now automatic.
Damage changed from 79 Corrosive to 9 Impact, 23 Puncture, 17 Slash and 81 Corrosive delivered in 3 ticks of 27 each over 2 seconds.
Converted from Charged to Semi Auto.
Ammo pool increased from 20 to 30.
Area-of-Effect increased from 6 to 7m.
Area-of-Effect damage reduced from 600 to 400.
Reduced aimed FoV due to low Range.
Adjusted ragdoll impulse so ragdolls don't always fly to the right.
Added a 5m 200 Explosion damage radial attack on recall.
Increased Range from 1 to 1.5m.
Increased Melee damage from 115 to 130.
Increased throwing projectile damage from 575 to 650.
Reduced the collision width of the thrown projectile from 0.6m to 0.2m.
Increased the speed of the throwing animations.
All of The Wolf of Saturn Six Nightwave episodes can now be viewed by selecting 'Tune In' on the Nightwave screen!

### Fixes
Fixed the Baza, Zhuge, and Zlok Riven Dispositions not reflecting the changes stated in Hotfix 24.5.8.1. For clarity, they have changed to:
Baza: 1.1->1.0
Zhuge: 1.18->1.25
Zylok: 1->1.15
Potential fix for broken Arbitration reward UI in-game which resulted in discrepancies between what was shown and what you received. 
Fixed Dispatch Overdrive not applying to Garuda's Talons when equipped (this time without breaking all Arcanes).
Fixed Clients sometimes getting booted to Fortuna if they joined a session while it was transitioning to Deck 12.
Fixed a loss of functionality that occurred if you were playing a looping Emote while transitioning from Fortuna to Vallis or Cetus to the Plains.
Possible fix for a game hitch/hang when opening a cave Cache during a hidden Caches Bounty.
Fixed a crash when throwing Thermia Canisters at the Exploiter Orbs vents.
Fixed being stuck on a black screen when attempting to load into a Kuva Fortress mission.
Fixed a game hang when 'Defending the Console' in the Vox Solaris quest.
Fixed having to abort if your impeccably unfortunate timing killed you while simultaneously deploying the K-Bomb during the Vox Solaris quest.
Fixed the rewards for the Hepit & Teshub nodes in the Void: replaced one of the duplicate Lith M4 Relic entries with a chance to drop a Lith P2 Relic instead.
Fixed an issue where Clients that died, aborted the mission, and rejoined would Revive with 2 Health.
Fixed cases where performing actions such as picking up a Datamass or entering bleed-out state while having an Arch-gun equipped could result in a loss of functionality.
Fixed Orb Vallis Drones respawning with full Health/Shields after a Host Migration.
Fixed the default K-Drive showing Affinity gains and leveling up from "Unranked" state. Only purchased boards can accumulate Affinity (Vent Kids standing can still be acquired as usual).
Fixed Vazarin Mending Soul charges not refreshing when transitioning from Fortuna to Vallis.
Fixed Limbo being incorrectly affected by certain Exploiter Orb attacks while in the Rift.
Fixed the Hall of Ascension Agility test contributing to Nightwave progress multiple times.
Fixed Clients that join-in-progress not properly bleeding out if they were killed while riding their K-Drive. Reaching 7 Health will now boot you off to prevent death while K-Driving.
Fixed an issue where falling at the very end of the Mastery Rank 13 test would make it impossible to complete.
Fixed Void Fissures in endless mission types not spawning enemies at the same level as other non-corrupted enemies.
Fixed Larkspur's Alt Fire not functioning for Clients.
Fixed not being able to start Ghoul Bounties from the tents in the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed the UI for Capture Bounty missions getting stuck on the screen after being completed.
Fixed the Exploiter Orb's heat gauge size not being affected by the UI Scale setting.
Fixed certain map markers not appearing after returning to the Orb Vallis from Deck 12. 
Fixed Clients not seeing the Zenistar's disc if they join-in-progress while it's active. They would then see it appear when it's destroyed by the Host.
Fixed Clients not seeing custom colours on the Zenistar's disc.
Fixed Clients sometimes getting a different Conservation Capture rating than the Host.
Fixed Clients always switching to Primary after dropping/using Data Mass or Power Cores, even if they had their Secondary equipped when picking it up on controller.
Fixed the Pax Soar Arcane buffs taking effect even when your Kitgun is unequipped.
Fixed not being able to choose a Warframe during the tutorial unless you manually hover the cursor over the UI button when using a controller.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Ground timer not being removed when you deactivate the ability with the Hallowed Eruption Augment.
Fixed Limbo's Cataclysmic Continuum Augment Mod not updating the ability timer.
Fixed turning invisible if you shake hands with someone while the Skiajati is equipped.
FIxed the Handshake emote not initiating a handshake unless you had matching allied Syndicates (or had no standing within Cetus and Fortuna).
Fixed security cameras not properly fixing on their targets when they have been spotted and not taking their head rotation into consideration when setting their look target.
Fixed not flying in a straight line after rotating the camera 360 degrees while in Archwing.
Fixed a little hitch in the reload animation of the Exergis.
Fixed the Terra Plasmor Crewman magazine not animating properly during reload.
Fixed Opticor and Opticor Vandal weapon charge up animations not playing.
Fixed Atlas' Tectonics remaining around if you spam activate while deactivating (during the wall push animation).
Fixed being able to use Emotes while controlling the Golden Maw in The War Within quest.
Fixed broken pathing for the Golden Maw in The War Within quest.
Fixed getting teleported and stuck outside of the final area in the last mission of The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed an issue where mounting your K-Drive while performing another action (such as capturing a Fugitive) could result in taking control of a Warframe-less K-Drive. All Operator souls that have become trapped in K-Drives this way are regrettably unrecoverable and Digital Extremes wishes you well in your new life.
Fixed Arch-guns still being visible if you mount your K-Drive while it's active.
Fixed getting stuck in a crouch state if you start grinding while your K-Drive is spinning.
Fixed the Sonicor using classic Pistol idle animations, instead of 'wrist mounted' animations.
Fixed wonky throwing animation when wall hanging and firing any 'thrown' weapon (Spira, Kunai, etc).
Fixed the Profit Taker Articula having incorrect poses/pose selection. You may find that your Articula has moved due to this fix!
Fixed black textures randomly appearing as reported here: 
Fixed a Glaive Prime being visible when viewing Profiles of players who have not unlocked their Operator yet.
Fixed weapons with an embedding projectile (e.g. Tysis) not showing the proper damage amounts in the Arsenal.
Fixed the UI always showing the Ungilded values when comparing modular weapons such as Zaws, Amps, etc.
Fixed Lens icons appearing completely white in the Lens selection screen.
Fixed the Foundry displaying '1 Forma owned' for Forma required Blueprints when an Umbral Forma is owned.
Fixed some of Silva & Aegis' effects being visible when it's holstered/hidden.
Fixed Elemental effects showing up in cases where the melee weapon they're on should be hidden.
Fixed the Blade of the Lotus Trinity Skin skirt cloth clipping through her hip.
Fixed the Dojo Architect UI showing the room number limit instead of the Decoration limit for the room.
Fixed the Ludoplex "play now" not being localized.
Fixed Nightwatch Lancer appearing twice in the Codex. Duplicate entry is actually the Nightwatch Carrier. 
Fixed the falling sound persisting if you perform a Melee slam and then interrupt it by Transferring to Operator.
Fixed 'constant' grapple sounds for the Sanguine Eximus Specter (New Loka).
Fixed some navigation and waypoint marker issues in the Lua tileset.
Fixed certain loot crates spawning inside terrain in the Earth tileset.
Fixed the water splash screen FX in the Grineer Sealab tileset lingering until the end of mission if the panel that shuts the water off was hacked while it was visible on someone's screen as reported here: 
Fixed several lines missing from the "Protect The Moon" mission in the Second Dream quest.
Fixed misaligned tabs in the Decoration screen for wide aspect ratio screens.
Fixed some beam weapon VFX appearing misaligned when firing while wall latching.
Fixed broken lighting in the Dojo Energy Lab. 
Fixed Eudico constantly interrupting her own Transmissions during the 'Capture Air Dropped Containers' Bounty.
Fixed light shaft protruding through the Nef Anyo statue at the Temple of Profit. 
Fixed Sentinels and MOAs with beam weapons attempting to shoot at targets outside of their weapons range.
Fixed UI indicating that Excalibur's Exalted Blade is still Channeling if you Transfer to O
perator while it's active.
Fixed Channeling sometimes still recalling your Glaive, this should only be done via Melee input now.
Fixed ability to see through the Lotus Noggle helmet.
Fixed some effects in Baruuk's Restraint UI not correctly lining up as the meter fills up.
Fixed Ivara's leg cloth appearing less translucent than they should be.
Fixed ability to equip Amalgam Organ Shatter on Arch-Melee weapons.
Fixed not being able to bullet jump while stationary on a zip-line.
Fixed an issue where hovering over a Gift of the Lotus mission node in the Star Chart would cause other nodes to not display correctly when hovering over them.
Fixed Critical Focus not applying to charged shots (e.g. Velocitus).
Fixed animation issues while attempting to fish from a zip-line. Also fixes a delay when launching the Fishing Spear from a zip-line.
Fixed Resolute Focus applying stagger/knockdown resistance even when the Archgun is not equipped.
Fixed Gear items not correctly updating their cooldown timers or whether the timer has expired in certain cases.
Fixed inability to return to Melee only mode after using Gear items that you can Melee attack while using.

## Equinox Prime: Hotfix 24.5.8 + 24.5.8.1
**Date:** 2019-04-02T17:59:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Equinox Prime: Hotfix 24.5.8:
Check out the official public drop tables here.
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
Increased the Liset Decoration limit by 33%.
The Decoration UI now also displays a performance warning (looking at you Noggle nerds).
Optimized Coolant Raknoid sloshing effects to eliminate calculations when off-screen.
Updated numerous tiles to improve character lighting.
Made a micro-optimization to the HUD.

### Fixes
Fixed swapping Polarities on a Zaw resulting in the Stance Polarity being removed. 
A Forma (per affected Zaw) has been delivered to player Inventories who experienced this issue.
Fixed Grineer Flameblade enemies doing crazy high damage on their first melee attacks in a combo. The melee swing was unintentionally dealing damage multiple times. This has been fixed so each swing only hits the target once. 
Fixed Nyx's Mind Control significantly hindering AI's actions in many cases leading to reduced or even non-existent capability.
Fixed Magus Lockdown mine having collision on it, resulting in mid-air floating. You can no longer stand/climb on the mine.
Fixed the Coolant Raknoid coolant FX appearing orange for Hosts.
Fixed inability to Chat link Ephemeras. 
Fixed custom colors not applying to areas of Equinox.
Fixed a micro-optimization when transitioning from Fortuna/Cetus to Vallis/Plains breaking.
Fixed Hive Sabotage missions not counting towards the 'Cache Hunter' Nightwave Act.
Fixed inability to switch firing modes with the Stradavar Prime.
Fixes towards Equinox Prime's cloth clipping with the Isabeau Prime Syandana.
Fixed a UI-lock when typing random letters in the Syndicate Relic Offerings quantity box.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.7
**Date:** 2019-03-28T20:36:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.7:
Fixed Relics Packs awarding a Point Strike Mod.
We ran a script Tuesday night that Inboxed respective Syndicate Medallions to those who didn't receive their Relics.
Optimized significant performance deterioration when talking to Vent Kids on the Orb Vallis; this was most noticeable during the initial dialogue when starting a K-Drive Race.
The Wild Frenzy Mod now scales the Ammo refund amount with its rank, as mentioned here:
25, 40, 55, 70, 85, 100%
Tweaked the following stats for the Nightwatch Powerclaw to fix them doing a one-hit KO to Grineer Defectors :
Decreased base Melee damage from 75 to 30
Decreased Slash Status Effect Chance from 15% to 5%
Decreased Critical Chance from 30% Chance (for 3x Crit) to 0

### Fixes
Fixed bosses/VIPs unintentionally receiving the full effect of Magus Lockdown. Magus Lockdown's tether mechanic will apply but not the Puncture damage.
Fixed Magus Lockdown putting enemies into a permanent sleep.
Fixed Magus Lockdown beam visual FX not always being applied properly.
Fixed memory corruption on dual-core PCs caused by script optimizations and re-enabled the optimizations.
Fixed a rare crash when joining a mission in progress.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur if a teammate flew out of view in their Archwing but returned in their Warframe.
Fixed Coolant Raknoids damaging Limbo through the Rift.
Fixed the Scyto Raknoids invisibility detection pulse FX not showing if the target goes into invisibility after the combat begins.
Fixed extreme excessive blur FX when using a Scanner or Sniper scope in Archwing mode.
Fixed the TennoCon 2019 Emote animation not looping.
Fixed the Kuva Throne Captura Scene having no Standing Title requirement.
Fixed certain Transmissions encountering a script failure (eg Frohd Bek).
Fixed a script error when accessing the Arcane Manager screen.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Lantern ability. 
Fixed a script error when casting Limbo's Banish ability in Frame Fighter.
Possible fix for memory corruption caused by script heap optimizations.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.6
**Date:** 2019-03-26T20:42:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.6:
Ember Prime
Frost Prime
Latron Prime
Reaper Prime
Sicarus Prime
Glaive Prime
As always, if you own the now Vaulted Relics they will remain in your Inventory until you use/trade them.
You can now waypoint the Exploiter vents!
K-Drive Race Affinity has been increased!
Affinity gained per Gate is now 500 (previously 200)
Affinity gained per Race completion is now 2500 (previously 1000)
Increased the height of the Napalm Grenades Mod damage area.
Fixed the 'Day Trader' Nightwave Act not being marked complete after meeting the requirements. The appropriate Standing was delivered behind-the-scenes, but the UI neglected to accurately display that. Completing the Index requirements again post Hotfix will correct your UI, but note that the Standing has already been delivered.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash related to having Charm equipped on your Smeeta Kavat.
Fixed AI appearing to stall and not proceed to the next door in the Glast Gambit quest.
Fixed the Aviator Mod not always applying the reduced Damage while airborne correctly to Hildryn.
Fixed Magus Lockdown using the position of your last Void Dash instead of your current one if you're a Client when placing the Mine.
Fixed Swarm Mutalist spore clouds blocking bullets.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones chasing after the true Mirage when riding a K-Drive. Her clones will now animate correctly while K-Driving.
Fixed Garuda's Passive reading as 101% when bleeding out.
Fixed Profit-Taker appearing to have its Shield FX active when killed as a Client. 
Fixed MOA Companions capable of being targeted by Disarm-style abilities, leaving them with nothing but a head-mounted prod.
Fixed the camera momentarily being jerked forward when shooting the Stug at certain angles.
Fixed Targis Prime Armor not sitting correctly on Hildryn. 
Fixed Emblems not sitting correctly on the Harrow Graxx Skin.
Fixed unintentional slow movement for the Golden Maw.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.5
**Date:** 2019-03-25T21:21:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.5:
Fixes towards infinite loading/disconnect upon Entering Deck 12 while other players are still loading in.
Fixes towards Clients seeing a massive Exploiter Orb in the last vent cinematic scene.
Fixed a crash when killing Coolant Raknoids.
Fixed Coolant Raknoids not attempting to destroy Gara's Mass Vitrify walls.
Improved Hildryn Ability Line-of-sight so they work more often when targets are on different elevations.
Fixed a loss of functionality after using Hildryn's Balefire ability while having an Archgun equipped.
Fixed Aegis Storm suspending bosses/VIPs that are meant to be immune. Those respective bosses/VIPs will no longer be suspended, but will receive the damage-over-time. 
Fixed inability to descend in Hildryn's Aegis Storm if Toggle Crouch is bound instead of Hold To Crouch.
Fixed the TennoCon 2019 Armor not sitting properly on Hildryn.
Fixed a script error when Hildryn's Balefire deactivates.
Increased Valkyr's Hysterical Assault Augment Mod max Range from 30m to 40m.
Fixed Valkyr's Hysterical Assault Augment Mod having broken functionality with Melee 2.99997 due to the removal of Secondary Fire in Melee mode. Now Aiming + Melee will trigger the leap function while in Hysteria. The Mod description has been updated to reflect this new mechanic.
Slightly decreased the Wolf of Saturn Six's Health.
Slightly increased the Wolf of Saturn Six's damage output.
Aviator and Agility Drift now apply to Titania while she is in Razorwing. 
Removed all wildlife killing Riven Mod Challenges. All existing Rivens with wildlife killing Challenges will be retroactively updated with a new Challenge. This change is in preparation for the upcoming Plains Conservation! 
Updated Secura Penta's napalm projectiles when using the Napalm Grenades Mod, so that they better reflect the Penta's stats (higher Status Effect and Critical Chances).
Disabled two optimizations that are suspected to be causing problems for dual-core potatoes.

### Fixes
Fixed edge case script errors that could result in an inability to return to Fortuna from Vallis.
Fixed a Client script error that could occur when joining-in-progress during the initial Sanctuary Onslaught Conduit transition that would prevent the player from casting Abilities until the next Zone was activated.
Fixed toggling Mesa's Regulators on and off and instantly switching to your Melee resulting in ability to use them freely without any Energy cost or restrictions. 
Fixed Frost's Ice Wave ability preventing casting of other abilities until it finished.
Fixed Valkyr's Hysteria accumulated damage not being reset upon recast.
Fixed the Larkspur having infinite Ammo as an Atmosphere Archgun after pressing the deploy button twice without letting go of the continuous fire.
Fixed being able to get out of bounds of The Index map by throwing your Warframe off the map and Transferring to your Operator, and then falling off the edge with your Operator so that you get forced back to your Warframe who is now off the map somewhere.
Fixed Atlas' Rumblers Explosion Damage stat claiming to be Impact when it's actually Blast.
Fixed the Arbitration Defense Reward UI displaying 'Wave 5' when it should be 'Wave 10'.
Fixed Nightwave Mods not being linkable in Chat. 
Fixed the Garuda Successor Skin not applying to her Talons.
Fixed Valkyr Spectre at the Ceres >Jupiter Junction causing a hitch when she uses Hysteria.
Fixed using a Gear item instead of Aiming if Melee is triggered right after throwing a Fishing Spear.
Fixed wonky arm animations when Dual Wielding. 
Fixed the Tarock Thrown Blade Skin not sitting properly in some cases when equipped on Spira, Spira Prime, or Despair.
Fixed the Synoid Heliocor displaying as the regular Heliocor in the Appearance section of the Arsenal.
Fixed the Battacor charge UI persisting on the screen in times where it should be hidden (hacking, etc). 
Fixed "Title" text appearing briefly in the UI before Survival reward finishes loading.
We have tracked down the cause of the 'Day Trader' Nightwave Act appearing incomplete after meeting the requirements, and are working on a fix. Our goal is to have this fix in the PC and Console Prime Vault Hotfixes tomorrow.
It's worth noting that you are receiving the 5000 Standing for Act success even though the UI states 'incomplete'.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.4 + 24.5.4.1
**Date:** 2019-03-20T17:19:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Exploiter Orb Changes & Fixes:

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.3
**Date:** 2019-03-19T18:13:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The team continues to work on further crash fixes and Matchmaking issues related to join-in-progress and Operator specific cases. The particular case of missing Exploiter Orb during Phase 2 is also still under investigation. If anyone encounters this particular issue, we would greatly appreciate Host EE.Logs to Visiting shows you how to collect your EE.Logs!
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.3:
More fixes towards crashing when transitioning to or from Deck 12.
Fixed the Exploiter Orb being in a broken state if you transitioned back to Deck 12 while the Exploiter Orb was still alive above ground.
Fixed all players seeing the 'Throw the Coolant Canister' UI message when only one person is holding one.
Fixed persisting '0 players waiting' UI message during Phase 2 of the Exploiter Orb fight.
Changed the Glaive recall to be done with Melee instead of Melee Channel so its consistent again (Channel being a toggle-only messed up this function).
Fixed cases of performing a Melee ground slam at an extreme horizontal angle if you move your mouse downwards while pressing Melee. 
Fixed an error where, after Dual-Wielding gun and Glaive, throwing the Glaive in the "normal" Melee only mode could result in a turbo throw that is only supposed to apply for Dual-Wield.
Fixed a movement hitch that happened if you tried to sprint right after a Melee ground slam.
The World Cycles displayed in the Navigation Window now display time until next Cycle/Temperature. The Plains of Eidolon time phases for Dawn, Sunrise, Morning, Day, Dusk, and Sunset are now all described as Day for clarity. We've also removed Freezing state in Orb Vallis, now it's just one long period of Cold.
Reduced frequency of Nora Night Radio Transmissions when in the Orbiter.
Increased volume of Chat notification sounds.

### Fixes
Fixed inability for Titania to use her Diwata Melee if a Atmosphere Archgun is equipped.
Fixed the Wild Frenzy Mod not refunding Ammo after 2 kills in some cases (thanks, H3dsh0t!).
Fixed Founder Level showing "True Master" instead of "Grand Master" Accolades when viewing respective Profiles.
Fixed the Ki'Teer Arrow Skin particle FX always being red, despite your chosen Energy color as reported here:
Fixed inability to run multiple Dedicated Servers on a single machine.
Fixed some Zaws playing incorrect Melee hit sounds.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.2
**Date:** 2019-03-18T22:43:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.2:
Clicking on 'X Friend Requests' in the Active Events drop down will now take you to the Pending Friends screen.

### Fixes
Fixed ability to destroy the Exploiter Orb's vents simultaneously. One vent at a time!
Removed unintended ability to cast Hildryn's Balefire while using an Atmosphere Archgun that resulted in a loss of functionality.
Fixed inability to descend or dodge while Hildryn's Aegis Storm is active on controller.
Fixed ability to get stuck forever dodging by spamming dodge during Hildryn's Aegis Storm.
Fixed using Hildryn Aegis Storm causing airdodge to require one of your jumps for the rest of the mission (or until respawn).
Fixes toward cases of a forced Host Migration in the Orb Vallis.
This was largely experienced if Player 1 in the squad was transitioning to Deck 12, while Player 2 was attempting to join-in-progress from Fortuna.
Players who then attempted to join Player 2's session would then be migrated as well, and so on so forth like an aggressive Helminth Cyst.
This fixes the "Host Migration Cyst" from spreading, but there will still be a Host Migration if you join during that very rare small window where existing players are transitioning to Deck 12. 
Further fixes towards a progression stopper in the Sand of Inaros quest where the enemy Inaros would be invulnerable. 
Fixed cases of numerous other bosses being invulnerable (Kela De Thaym, Tyl Regor, etc) for Clients.
Fixed trying to claim the Mote Amp Blueprint when you have no Amp Slots left, showing an incorrect error that your account is invalid.
Fixed Meleeing after throwing your Fishing Spear causing an inability to use weapons.
Fixed clones from Ash's Blade Storm (Rising Storm) and Equinox's Metamorphosis Augment (Duality) not using the proper loadout in Dojo Duels as reported here:
Fixed the Stalker spawning inside the floor during the Second Dream quest.
Further fixes towards Host players appearing 'UNARMED' when transitioning from Cetus/Fortuna to Plains/Vallis. 
Fixed Hildryn's components not being Chat linkable. 
Fixed Diluted Thermia not being Chat linkable.
Fixed the curly Operator Hairstyles looking pixelated when viewed in bright lighting.
Fixed the World State Window overlapping the Profile UI.
Fixed Soma and Soma Forest-Camo Skin not feeding the clip through the gun as you fire.
Fixed the Larkspur not having the Archwing symbol in the Arsenal, which made sorting by name incorrect.
Fixed missing Scourge hit sounds.
Fixed noise spam from Itzal Escort Drone laser beams.
Fixed numerous script errors when using certain abilities in Frame Fighter.
Fixed a script error when viewing Larkspur in the Arsenal.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.1
**Date:** 2019-03-15T21:08:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.5.1:
Fixed certain TennoGen Skins not granting the accompanying Helmet. A relog will rectify!
Exploiter Orb's Fire Wall ability now cools down gradually instead of in a single big chunk.
Exploiter Orb heat gauge no longer shows in the HUD if you're not in that Phase of the fight.
Thermia can no longer be destroyed when lying on the ground before you pick it up.
Increased the visual indication of where the Thermia Dispensers are during Phase 1 of the Exploiter Orb fight.
Minor tweaks to the Exploiter Orb vent explosion sounds.
Fixed crashing when Mining after transitioning to Deck 12. You will still notice Mining veins in these areas, but you'll be unable to interact with them due to the crash risk.
Fixed a crash occurring during the Exploiter Orb vent cinematic scene.
Fixed a crash that could occur in Phase 1 of the Exploiter Orb fight.
Fixed a script error after destroying the Exploiter Orb's vents in Phase 1 that resulted in an inability to continue. 
Fixed Warframe becoming invulnerable and being unable to use Operator if you attempted to use Transference while loading into Deck 12.
Fixed Nekros' Desecrate removing the Exploiter Orbs body, resulting in missing death explosion.
Fixed Exploiter Orb heat gauge persisting on the UI after death.

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopper in the Sands of Inaros quest from an inability to defeat the Tomb Guardians. 
Fixed a progression stopper in the Kela De Thaym boss fight where she would become invulnerable. 
Fixed a crash when entering the Arsenal as Operator.
Fixed the Aures Diadem to be in the Facial Accessory category for the Operator. 
Fixed Operators not appearing invisible in Plains/Vallis when in Void Mode if Operator was used in Cetus/Fortuna.
Fixed advanced map markers being delayed when adjusting the map at low frame rates.
Fixed Conclave Challenges not showing their progress correctly in the pop up UI after completion. 
Fixed a script error when viewing Archwing Abilities in the Arsenal as a Client.
Fixed inability Transfer back to your Warframe after having fallen off the map while in Operator mode in The Index.

## Buried Debts: Update 24.5.0
**Date:** 2019-03-14T21:06:12Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Upon picking up a Datamass, a Melee to gun swap will automatically equip your Secondary weapon instead of your Primary weapon, which would make you drop the Datamass.
Pressing F when in Melee mode now switches you back to your "other" weapon. For example, if your Primary weapon is equipped when you trigger a Melee attack, you will return to your Primary weapon when you aim or fire. If you instead press F while in Melee mode, you will now equip your Secondary weapon.
Fixed a case where you could be left in an UNARMED state after using a non-Melee Exalted weapon (like Hildryn's Balefire) and went back to Melee when you had no other weapons in your loadout, having gone Melee only to that mission.
Fixed the Operator's Vazarin Guardian Shell not manifesting the charged Void Blast shield.
Fixed an issue where auto-blocking could cancel the charged/heavy Melee attacks.
Implemented fixes toward briefly being unable to Melee after an Aerial Attack, which breaks the flow of battle.
Fixed being able to Quick Melee when you equip an Archgun with either a Primary or Secondary equipped before that.
Fixed the Melee-only Parry becoming a toggle that you can't release until you attack for Clients.
Fixes towards the Wise Razor Stance giving unintended extreme velocity. Comical yes, but clearly an oversight of gravity!
Fixed the Melee combo menu not updating with the proper button inputs to use Melee when using a controller. 
Fixed missing Melee Channeling binding callout in the Advanced Melee screen of the Codex when using a controller.
Fixed a number of Melee attacks that could leave weapon trails active after the attack is finished.
Fixed losing your crouch position when initiating a Melee to gun swap while crouching.
Hildryn can use her custom dodge while in Aegis Storm at the cost of her Shields (50). We're starting with this cost because many abilities of this nature have movement restrictions that can be overcome with Augments (Peacemaker, Resonating Quake, Assimilate). We want to try out a movement cost before we tweak further based on feedback. 
Removed additional sound for Hildryn's Haven ability based on feedback.
Removed ability to access Gear/Emote/Hotkeys when Hildryn is in Aegis Storm due to it breaking functionality. 
Fixed Clients seeing incorrect animation when observing a Host Hildryn in her Aegis Storm ability.
1) We have Restored Arcanes not triggering from Exalted weapons across the board by reverting the change made in Update 24.4.0:
Dispatch Overdrive now applies to Garuda's Talons when equipped.
Balance is a conversation that we constantly have, and we see you having as well.
For some people the answer is don't nerf things, buff everything else.
This is the path of least resistance for us, as most of the player base is happy when we buff, and angry when we nerf.
However this has a few side effects that impact the game as a whole.
First, with more damage, the time to kill on enemies is lowered and the value of Crowd Control declines even more (Vauban?!).
Higher max damage also means that players with the latest bells and whistles can easily kill bosses in an instant, and overcome any challenge with ease.
The more your play, the easier the game gets!
So far we have been kicking the can down the road, accepting power creep and its consequences on the game
and often this game is a 'kill all the things' based game. We've mostly done nerfs on things that could be automated, required no player interaction or removed options from the game by making all other choices bad. We will continue to wrestle with this, but the most important part is when and if we decide major balance changes are needed, we will let you know and it will be the result of a lot of consideration. Design changes like this need to be more tempered and considered.
Thanks for hanging in there through all this confusion. Six years in and we are still learning how to do this.
K-Drive Race Standing has been doubled!
Standing gained per Gate is now 200
Max Standing gained per Race is now 6000
Coolant Raknoids now pop their backs on death
delicious! 
The Trading screen now contains a Riven category and specific search functionality!
Removed an unintended projectile launch on the 2nd charge attack of the Tatsu. This feature (as many have already determined) is unfinished, and will be revisited in the near future. Possibly tied to a certain Warframe...
Corpus have improved their vent construction by removing momentum killing edges as reported here:
Reduced the frequency at which Nora Night's daily transmissions play.
Widened a damaged bunker opening in the Kuva Survival tileset. You know the one.
Slight improvements towards hitches occurring when approaching Bases in Orb Vallis.
Cleaned up Gammacor and Staticor FX.

### Fixes
Your global Data Hash scanning has not gone unnoticed, Tenno.
As a Community, you're close to cracking the code, but not close enough, and that's our fault.
Our predicted end goal was determined to be unreachable in a reasonable amount of time, so we've made some manual data tweaks to allow Scans to progress the Operation at a quicker rate to get everyone closer to the next climactic stage.
We'll be mindful moving forward of these end goals for similar Operations.
See here for updated Data Hash information:
Once the code has been cracked in-game, more information will become available.
Garuda Successor Skin by prosetisen
Nidus Night Hunter Skin by Mz-3
Ivara Astrea Skin by Rekkou
Saryn Blade of the Lotus Skin by BeastBuster
Excalibur Ion Skin by Yatus
Rhino Ion Skin by Yatus
Mesa Kudegra Skin by malayu and Xtygian
Revenant Immortuos Helmet by Lubox
Nikana Shinigami Skin by Hitsu San and Reil
Nikana Mithra Skin lukinu_u
Aures Diadem by lukinu_u and HariPear
Lumis Oculus by lukini_u
Kiritsune Oculus by Actionman
Optima Oculus by Swanky Swaggernaut and DeadNexus_
Dominus Syandana by led2012 and jaeon009
Fixed crashes when running in DirectX 10 mode.
Fixed Drahk Master permanently stealing weapons from Clients.
Fixed Elemental Beast Companion Mods not allowing all Status combinations. 
Fixed Revenant Reave being able to give a Mesmer Skin charge to Operators.
Fixed Client players not having their weapons in their hand properly when leaving Cetus/Fortuna via Gate/Elevator.
Fixed Crates not spawning in Orb Vallis after returning to Fortuna.
Fixed Nightwave Dailies appearing as progress for Weekly challenge completions as reported here:
Fixed the Razorback appearing to have a fresh coat of blue paint.
Fixed Clients not seeing updated Elemental FX when changing Mods in the Simulacrum.
Fixed part of the Capture FX not appearing correctly if you were invisible (with Loki, for instance, the sparks wouldn't be directed into his hands).
Fixed Khora's Venari not displaying color changes in the Abilities diorama.
Fixed the Venka elemental FX lingering when holstered in the Orbiter.
Fixed the FX of the Operator's Void Blast spawning in the ground below their feet.
Fixed Weapon elemental VF always appearing blue for Clients if the Host is using the default Energy color.
Fixed headless Warframes in the Archwing Ability screen.
Fixed Darvo running in slow motion in an attempt to keep up with you.
Fixed the Terra Raptor appearing tilted when hovering.
Fixed the Star Chart UI not maintaining your previous 'Episode Status' or 'Resource Drone' selection.
Fixed missing Trigger stat for Gaze Chamber Kitguns in Rude Zuud's crafting screen.
Fixed the Fugitives UI persisting when in Orb Vallis/Plains if not all Fugitives are Captured while in an active encounter.
Fixed the Arcane slot in the Upgrade screen remaining highlighted after install.
Fixed missing Staticor Ammo UI upon swapping.
Fixed overlapping UI in the Nightwave Tier Rank up screen.
Fixed broken Glyph image when Trading.
Fixed the Perla Pistol Skin losing its clip on certain weapons.
Fixed hearing Headshot sounds when firing the Flux Rifle.
Fixed Nora Night 'Fugitive success' transmission playing regardless of success or fail.
Fixed incorrect mesh pieces when equipping the Hammers Palatine Skin on the Volnus.
Fixed a script error when accessing Konzu's Bounty board after completing an Eidolon Hunt.
Fixed a script error when accessing the Arcane Manager screen.
Cleaned up some space (some as much as 550mb) as a result of the Dx9 removal.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.4 + 24.4.4.1
**Date:** 2019-03-11T21:01:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.4:
Changed the following when Thunderdrum Loader is used with Catchmoon Chamber:
Critical Chance increased from 13% to 17%
Status Chance decreased from 35% to 28%
Reduced the Affinity gained from killing Coolant Raknoids from 1500 to 300.
Refined the end of mission screen for Thermia Fracture progress to show you what you received in that single mission vs. a cumulative total, which could be misleading. 
Hildryn can now use Shields for Melee Channeling!
Selecting the Foundry notification in the UI will now take you to the appropriate Foundry screen to claim.
Updated the Neutron Star Augment description to match updated behaviour.

### Fixes
Fixed Assassinate targets being immortal due to enemy enhancements stacking/applying to them.
Fixed Assassinate targets spawning very far away from their Base area.
Fixes towards Assassinate Bounty areas not spawning the enemy types requested in the 'Kill All' phase.
As all reported here:
Fixed a crash when viewing Warframe Ability videos in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue where some Arbitration Shield Drones would not work. 
Fixed a crash when playing The Index.
Fixed "melee with fire weapon input" causing Revenant's Danse Macabre to be unboostable when a Melee weapon is equipped.
Fixed Plains of Eidolon sometimes looking desaturated at times.
Fixed unequipping Balefire in Aegis Storm would cause issues for Hildryn. 
Fixed incorrect Energy colors on the Pox when the Tarock Thrown Blade Skin is equipped.
Fixed an issue where Mining would cause a loss of functionality. 
Fixed incorrect scaling on the Larkspur FX when used in Submersible missions.
Fixed the Gram using Galatines elemental FX.
Fixed the Redeemer Prime firing FX.
Fixed missing Critical Melee hit FX.
Fixed Cave minimaps appearing incorrectly. 
Fixed incorrect positioning of the 'Active Events' UI element when in the Star Chart screen.
Fixed a UI overlap when attempting to Trade in the Dojo while browsing your Inventory. 
Fixed the Hydrolyst lightning strike all striking at the same angle/rotation.
Fixing sometimes seeing black squares when casting Nyx's Chaos ability.
Fixed incorrect Impact sounds of Kronsh Zaws.
Fixed script error when casting Hildryn's Shield Pillage and Balefire ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Lantern ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Garuda's Blood Altar ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Ash's Blade Storm ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Ember's Fire Blast ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Revenant's Mesmer Skin ability.
Fixed an issue with Melee Phase 1 breaking aspects of Frame Fighter.
Fixed a crash that could occur when deploying your Archwing.
Fix Magus Repair reviving downed Allies and applying to Operators as reported here: 
Fixed missing UI icon when crafting an Amp with Little Duck.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.3
**Date:** 2019-03-09T21:17:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.3:

### Fixes
Fixed slow-loading black screen on Warframe Ability videos.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.2
**Date:** 2019-03-08T23:25:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.2:
Tenno, thank you kindly for your feedback, videos, and reactions so far on last night's Melee changes! We've been live for less than 24 hour with Phase 1 and we're going to start experimenting a little bit with some feedback. Our first experiment has to do with players who are truly committed to 'The Sword Alone'.
Manual blocking/parry has been added when players wield only a Melee weapon in a mission (i.e NO Secondary or Primary equipped). This is possible because in this specific state, the keybindings are free to allow this manual blocking. We do not plan on adding it to any other state yet. The default keybind for this is RMB/Right Mouse Button (LT for controller), as it was in the past.
Melee Channeling can no longer be rebound on Controller due to it completely breaking Melee 2.99997 changes. We apologize for the discomfort this may cause for those who have built their controllers comfortably around a different binding. You can't make an omelette without cracking some eggs!
Fixed a widespread issue where players using Controllers could no longer Aim after the Melee 2.99997 changes. This affected numerous mechanics like Aim Gliding, Melee Channeling, etc.
We'll be continuing to monitor controller issues as they arise! If you're still having issues, restoring your Controller bindings to 'Default' will help in the meantime. Please let us know of further issues!
Fixed an issue where attempting to reload your Primary/Secondary while in Melee mode would not transition you back to your gun.
Removed Hildryn's Shield-gate mechanic that was applying to Eidolon Lures, resulting in an invulnerability for 3 seconds after their Shields are destroyed before becoming vulnerable again.
Fixes towards Teralyst (and possibly Gantulyst/Hydrolyst) getting stuck in the Plains which caused constant teleporting all over the landscape.
Fixes towards Teralyst (and possibly Gantulyst/Hydrolyst) not using abilities.
Hildryn's Main Blueprint has moved from Vox Solaris' Offering Rank of Shadow (Rank 5) to Agent (Rank 2).
Greatly reduced the camera angle when casting Hildryn's Haven.
Fixed Hildryn's Shield Pillage not removing Status Effects for Clients.
Fixed Hildryn being able to use ziplines (and other context actions) while in Aegis Storm.
Fixed script errors when casting Hildryn's Balefire.
Improvements towards the Operator curly hair hairlines to show less scalp.
Balanced the Jat Kittag spark FX for less visual noise.
The Rakta Dark Dagger's innate upgrade on equip is now called Mind Haze.

### Fixes
Clarified and corrected the Buried Debts data-hashes section of the World State Window to read as 'UNDISCOVERED' when you haven't scanned any data-hashes yet, instead of 'SCANNED'.
Updated the Diluted Thermia description to read:
A magma like liquid that is diluted with coolant during the extraction process. Thermia can be found fracturing the surface of the Orb Vallis during thermal flare-ups. Could this be the key to weakening the Exploiter Orb's defenses?
Diluted Thermia now displays as a special pickup in the UI (similar to Argon Crystal, etc).
Amalgam Mods can now be Chat linked and found in the Codex.
Fixed a crash when engaging with a Thermia Fracture.
Fixed Coolant Canisters disappearing if you picked them up too quickly.
Hotdropped a fixed early this morning that was preventing players from downloading Warframe from the website. If you experienced this issue please try again!
Fixed real money purchased weapons (Prime Access, etc) not coming potatoed (Orokin Catalyst). Missing potatoes have been rectified to affected accounts in either your Inventory or the respective potatoless weapon depending on if you potatoed after the purchase was made.
Fixed inability to login when playing in Steam Big Picture mode.
Fixed cases of some enemies not attacking in Plains or Orb Vallis.
Fixed a crash that occurred when unzooming or switch weapons during Mining.
Fixed inability to Trade if it includes an Ayatan Star.
Fixed Exard Scaffold not resetting damage resistances on Sentients.
Fixed Harrow's Penance recast not refreshing Duration.
Fixed Gara's Splinter Storm self timer not being refreshed when affected by Mass Vitrify.
Fixed the Tarock Thrown Blade Skin not applying to the Spira Prime or Hikou Prime once thrown.
Fixed missing FX/texture for Rhino's Iron Skin.
Fixed missing Elemental FX for the Glaive Prime.
Fixed Kitgun FX lingering perpetually if the Glaive is also equipped.
Fixed Warframe Ability videos turning white after unfocusing on the Ability.
We're still seeing some playback issues with these that we're investigating! 
Fixed missing functionality when clicking an active Resource Booster in the UI.
Fixed Foundry UI notifications displaying a filepath.
Fixed [PH] context actions in the Mastery Rank 27 test.
Fixed a script error when accessing the Dojo Room Option Panel.

## Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.1
**Date:** 2019-03-08T05:01:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
We're actively investigating issues arising with Controller functionality relating to Melee 2.99997 changes (Aim Gliding, Meleeing, etc).
### Changes
Buried Debts: Hotfix 24.4.1:

### Fixes
Fixed seeing the global community Thermia Fractures progress towards Fracture stability instead of your personal progress if you don't have any progress yet. You should now only see your personal progress in the Navigation Panel.
Fixes towards the Coolant Canister not remaining at the last Thermia Fracture that was sealed if it was very far away.
Fixed random crashes when transitioning to different levels (Orb Vallis to Fortuna, Fortuna to Orbiter, etc).
Fixed a crash when fighting Raknoids in Orb Vallis.
Fixed a crash in the Warframe Abilities screen when viewing one that includes the Ability video.
Fixed a script error that resulted in an inability to continue Mining.
Fixed a UI lockup when following a Chat link to any item with a Sugatra while you have a Zaw equipped. 
Fixed UI lockup that would occur if you checked Abilities for an Archwing.
Fixed Baruuk's Desert Wind slam attack not working. Slam attack now always pushes enemies away (would previously pull if you were parrying).
Fixed Sepfahn Zaws dealing only Heat damage.
Fixed missing finisher sounds for the Tatsu.
Fixed a long-standing issue with Ivara being able to remain cloaked while performing a Bullet Jump when using Prowl, while Solo or Host. Parkour is intended to break Prowl's cloak.

## Buried Debts: Update 24.4.0
**Date:** 2019-03-08T02:01:23Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
A Mastery Rank 27 Test has been added!
Added a shockwave that ragdolls nearby enemies when using the Archgun Deployer.
Added new Business and Hai-Luk VO lines about Fish rarity.
Added different aim pose animations for enemy MOAs. 
Added a hint sound to the Fishing Spear during Profit-Taker Bounty Phase 1.
Added stats to your Warframe's Passive description in the Abilities menu.
Added sword impact sound effect to Excalibur's Slash Dash for a little added oomph as your slice through your foes!
Added whooshing sounds to Valkyr's Hysteria heavy attack.
Added extra spicy FX to Heavy Weapon equip of the Grattler and Fluctus.

### Changes
Buried Debts: Update 24.4.0:
The first Mainline Update of 2019 has arrived! A massive amount of fixes, changes, additions and more have been collected since our last Mainline (The Profit-Taker) and splayed below for you! Sometimes WIP features slip through the cracks and launch unbeknownst to us
so if you see some weirdness please let me know!
Launching shortly after this Update is live is our first Operation of 2019. This entire Update is about 2.7 GB, get ready! What follows is a summary of the Operation post!
This Operation begins with a Community Goal
the hunt is on, Tenno. Can you unlock the secrets of the dead? If you've been paying attention to Devstreams, you may already know where to start looking...
You can receive Operation Specific Rewards by participating in parts of this event.
The first reward is more abstract
you can expand the Orb Vallis by solving a puzzle.... Together.
Thermia fractures are cracking open the surface of Venus, a consequence of Nef Anyo's unrelenting greed. He's willing to do whatever it takes for a quick profit, including putting the whole Orb Vallis at risk. By figuring out how to stop the Thermia fractures, you're able to earn these rewards:
Operation Emblem
Amalgam Mods x4
Operation Sigil
Opticor Vandal
You get 1 point for each Thermia Fracture you close
if you close 4 Fractures with 1 Coolant canister, you get 3 bonus points (7 total)!
And eventually, an incredible new boss fight will unlock where you can earn Hildryn! We are expecting this to take approximately a week with the estimated pacing of this Operation. Free players
we appreciate your patience, rest assured Hildryn is a completely free Warframe for you to earn as the Operation unfolds!
Good luck, Tenno. You can all help each other if you know where to look.
Hildryn can be obtained via the Market, Little Duck Offering (Main BP), and as drops from a new Boss fight.
Hildryn Asuron Helmet can be acquired in the Market and in Nightwave's next Series Offerings.
Surator Syandana can be acquired in the Market.
Larkspur can be acquired in the Market and in the Tenno Lab Clan Research.
Hildryn Collection can be acquired in the Market.
Quaro Syandana can be acquired in the Market.
Limbo Limina Collection can be acquired in the Market.
Tatsu can be acquired in the Market.
Tenno
your favorite melee weapon probably feels a little different today. Today we bring you Phase 1 of 2019's melee upgrade
we hope you love all the gorgeous new visual effects, streamlined combat, and high fidelity hit reactions! Here's what you can expect:
No one knows the power of their Arsenal better than the Tenno
your adaptability and skill with the blade will be tested, and as we continue these changes, we rely on your feedback!
If you missed the full workshop discussing Phase 1, you can catch it here:
Glaive slam range increased to 5m
Warfan slam range increased to 5m
Dagger slam range increased to 5m
Dual dagger slam range increased to 6m
Claw weapon slam range increased to 6m
Gunblade slam range increased to 5m
Nunchaku slam range increased to 6m
Sword and Shield slam range increased to 7m
Single Sword slam range increased to 7m
Blade Whip slam range increased to 7m
Rapier slams increased to 6m
Dual Sword slam range increased to 8m
Tonfa slam range increased to 8m
Machete slam range increased to 7m
Nikana slam range increased to 6m
Hammer slam range increased to 9m
Staff slam range increased to 6m
Polearm slam range adjusted to 7m
Scythe slam range increased to 8m
Heavy Blade slam range increased to 8m
Fists weapon slam range increased to 8m
Sparring weapon slam range increased to 7m
A full Visual FX pass has been done for Phase 1! Because this is Phase 1, it 'means all the unique weapons will have new generic FX for a little while (Jat Kittag etc.) until we can get through them all and make new clean variants'.
New and cleaner FX have been created with the idea of beautifully short, highly detailed lifespans. Not infinite
meaning the 'Constant Weapon Trail' option will be removed as a result of this change (at least for Phase 1, we really do think it looks better removed).
BLOCKING
Blocking with a melee weapon is no longer keybound, it is automatic when facing enemies who are dealing damage to you in melee mode. Your Reticle determines all!
CHANNELING
Channeling is now a toggle set to your alt-fire button when in melee mode.
Your 'F' button (if using default key bindings) now exclusively swaps between Primary and Secondary weapons with a tap.
Your left mouse button is gun fire, always, instantly.
Your right mouse button is now aim, always, instantly.
OPTIONS:
We are adding a toggle to preserve one aspect of the older melee system. You will be able to toggle an option, allowing you to continue melee attacks with the left mouse button once in melee mode.
Updated Reticles: Melee mode has received its own reticle!
Archwing: Arch-Melee & Archgun now also use the 'instant swap' behaviour.
Dual Wield (i.e Glaive & Single Secondary) is still supported!
Exalted weapons will also benefit from the uninterrupted swaps! Be aware that Energy will still drain, even when swapping between weapons!
AI hit reacts are getting updated! Enemies will have a more visceral/realistic response to the various hits you dish out.
With Melee Blocking now automatic, the Blocking angle has been reduced to 45 degrees.
Sigma & Octantis and Cobra & Crane Shield throw animations have been shortened and speed increased. 
If using no custom Energy color, the weapon will inherit the colors of the Elemental FX (or base trails if no elements are present). This unifies all colors (swing FX, trails, hit FX, etc).
Rakta Dark Dagger's equipped bonus is now an innate upgrade that triggers on equip and lasts for 30 secs (refreshed on Melee equip).
Vaykor Sydon's Radial Blind now triggers upon toggling Melee Channel on/off if you have the required charges stored.
Introducing a new way to customize your Warframe: Ephemera! These new 'ATTACHMENTS' can only be earned and crafted by the brave. Once you acquire an Ephemera Blueprint and craft it, the ability to equip an Ephemera will appear in your Arsenal under Attachments!
Seeding Step Ephemera (obtained from Arbitrations)
Freezing Step Ephemera (obtained from New Boss Fight)
Shocking Step Ephemera (obtained from New Boss Fight)
Blazing Step Ephemera (obtained from Elite Sanctuary Onslaught)
Bleeding Body Ephemera (obtained from Arbitration Honors)
Smoking Body Ephemera (obtained from Stalker)
3 new curly haired Operator Hairstyles are now available! Choose from Curly Bun, Curly Braid, or Curly Ponytail.
In addition, Operator hairline has been improved to show less scalp. The Tenno have improved their hair care routine and it shows!
Corpus inspired Highbrow, Two-Sloops, and Thugs Blueprints are available from Roky! Lord a tha board!
Bounties are now available out in the Plains of Eidolon! Certain tents placed throughout the Plains contain a console that encompasses the power to contact Konzu himself (when he's not on his early lunch). 
With Bounties now available out in the Plains, Incursions have been removed. These were meant to give players something optional to do as they spend their time in the Plains, but since Bounties can be activated on command, they no longer serve a purpose.
Polished numerous Junction boss fights to have better power usage and combat pacing. 
Rewrote Melee section of the "Training: Basics" Codex entry. 
Rewrote Melee 2.0 section and renamed to "Advanced Melee" and moved to be beside "Advanced Movement".
Removed "Dark Sectors" section from the Training Codex.
The Warframe Abilities screen has received a visual and functional overhaul! 
Ability information is now displayed in a more condensed form, with hover-over functionality to display specific Stats and expand the information. 
A new 'Tips' section can be hover-overed to display tips for that respective Warframe's Abilities such as tricks to synergize with other Warframes, most effective Damage output methods, Ability interactions within the Warframe it self, and more!
Respective Ability videos now also appear upon hover-over to add that little extra spice! This initial Ability video aspect is currently functional for Excalibur, Mag, Volt, Garuda, Baruuk, Revenant, and Hildryn! More to gradually come!
Your chosen UI Theme is now thematically reflected.
The Arcane Manager has received a visual overhaul to match the chosen UI Theme! Along with the new visual appeal, the Manager now also:
Lists which Arcanes you do not own (hovering over will display information)
Arcane Ranks displayed on the right-side are now selectable, allowing for a more direct Rank Up mechanic.
The Dojo Trading screen has received an overhaul!
6 Trading Slots instead of 5! 
Faster item selection responsiveness and improved UI to help you easily find the items you want to Trade.
Respective Warframe Ability stats can now be seen in the Warframe Arsenal Upgrade screen.
The Dojo Decoration screen and Dojo Room Construction screen now reflects your chosen UI Theme!
HUD Damage Numbers and Affinity Numbers can now be separately toggled in the Interface Settings! 
Right clicking an Arcane in the Mod Upgrade screen now unequips it, similar to Mods.
If Coupons, Boosters, 2x Events, etc are active, hovering over the Icon in the top right will display a list of the respective active events.
Numerous widespread changes to capitalized vs lowercase UI text.
Adjusted the size and positioning of the generic notification popup.
Removed "." period characters from names of Weapons and Pets.
Updated all mentions of Solar Map/Solar Chart to Star Chart.
Added checkmark to the 'Ready to Trade' UI screen. 
Improved successful Mining discrepancies where it would appear you hit the perfect sweet spot in the heat gauge but were told otherwise.
Fixed stats when previewing Amp Parts while the Preview Gilded option is toggled appearing as Ungilded > Gilded. Now, it compares Gilded > Gilded with the new Amp Part.
Fixed UI lock after selecting 'Replicate' and then closing the Research screen in the Dojo.
Fixed certain Warframe Passive descriptions in the purchase screen and info popup not showing proper values.
Fixed UI breaking when sending someone a Gift and then traveling to Fortuna.
Fixed some UI Themes not maintaining respective text color.
Fixed Gear Spiral items displaying darker than expected when viewed in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Mining UI will disappear if killed while Mining.
Fixed Valkyr's Warcry UI not reflecting the Eternal War Mods timer increase.
In Update 24.2, we included a number of changes to increase controller responsiveness. The initial changes caused the slightest changes in trigger pressure to interrupt firing and ADS
which is being experienced predominantly with continuous fire weapons such as fully automatic and beam weapons (including Mining tools). This is due to a far too small trigger release threshold between firing and not firing.
This is, however, very effective with pistol weapons where a limited threshold allows for quick trigger taps.
With that said, this update is bringing the following changes to address the above:
We have increased the trigger release sensitivity so that there is more space for error between firing and release. This will help curb the muscle fatigue experienced with having to maintain constant pressure on the triggers as well as alleviate the accidental breaks in firing and aiming. This will require a bit more pressure to be released on the triggers before you will stop aiming and firing.
We increased trigger release sensitivity but maintained press sensitivity to strike balance between quick tap and continuous fire weapons. In other words, we have maintained the firing ease of Pistol weapons with quick trigger taps but have increased the freedom to apply various levels of pressure with continuous fire weapons.
While this has felt much better overall in testing, we know that some may find that the increase still constraints gameplay in some form. More importantly, Tenno with disabilities may also find that this limits their ability to play. So we have also added 2 new sliders in Options > Controls to adjust trigger sensitivity to your liking:
The sliders will allow you to tailor exactly how much pressure you feel is most comfortable/close to your preference of play.
The homing energy projectiles that Enthrall pillars emit now have a chance to Enthrall enemies while inflicting damage if there is room in the Enthrall cap. This allows Enthrall to spread more organically, and as the cap is reached, damage continues on other targets. 
Fixed Revenant becoming stuck in his spinning animations if he becomes downed during Danse Macabre. 
Fixed Mesmer Skin consuming multiple charges when getting hit multiple times in the same frame from the same enemy (e.g. a projectile that hits you and explodes).
Lowered the Standing cost of the Tulok and Param Fishing Spears to 500 and made them available at Rank 0.
Improved the visibility of the Color Pigment Research in the Clan Log by adding further detailed information as well as color coded texted to each respective Pigment.
Assassinate encounters are no longer global, they are now localized to a specific area within a radius. 
The encounter can be abandoned by leaving the radius.
We made this change because we received feedback that players are getting frustrated that they are so widely separated when trying to achieve the same goal in Bounties. 
Changed bonus objective of the Corpus Assassinate Bounty on Vallis: the Bounty will now fail if enough Credits are not gathered before the timer runs out, and Tenno will earn a bonus for collecting enough Credits within a shorter amount of time. This Bounty didn't have a failstate like others, so we tweaked the objective and bonus objective for consistency. 
The timer now scales based on how many players are in the squad. 
The less players there are the more time is granted to complete. 
Assassinate target now scales based on how many players are in the squad. 
Changed the cover evaluator for the Assassination targets in Orb Vallis Bounties so that they don't run as far to find cover.
Once the 'mission complete' interval is met, players can head to extraction any time they choose (i.e 5 minutes for Survival). 
Any player at extraction triggers a countdown timer. 
If all players leave the extraction zone, the countdown timer is cancelled.
When the timer is up, the extraction ship arrives and any players in the extraction zone leave.
Anyone still playing can extract later any time they choose.
We have made some much requested changes to the responsiveness of two things in Warframe: Weapon swapping and automatic doors. Right now in Warframe, if you are connected as a client you may have experienced delays in responsiveness of either of these essential things! The changes should result in a much smoother experience:
Swapping weapons as a Client will now feel more responsive because we've made it Client-Authoritative.
Automatic Doors have been made Client-Authoritative. Previously there were cases of door not opening in tandem with the Host if any latency was experienced
Cameras now have a number indication to help differentiate them when viewing a large number of cameras together in one scene.
Visualized cameras can now be selected by gazing at them in Free Cam Mode. 
Enabled pressing X to play the camera in Captura.
Minor fixes for camera animation and post process lingering after Free Cam Mode is exited.
Fixed the Flox Syandana not unfolding its wings in the Arsenal and Captura.
The Navigation Window (where Alerts used to propagate) now displays more information about current activities such as the Plains Time of Day, Orb Vallis Temperature, Nightwave Acts, and more!
Operator Void Dash no longer 'collides' with enemies if you didn't actually move with your Void Dash.
Corinth Mastery Rank requirement reduced to 8 from 10.
The Chesa Kubrow Retrieve Precept has been changed to reflect the following mechanic:
Chesa Kubrow now attempts to retrieve the single closest loot, the same way Nekros' Desecrate does.
K-Drive races now award Affinity towards the actually K-Drive, not just Ventkid Standing!
Removed Synthula from Rotation A (Survival, Defense, Interception) rewards and made into a Clan Research Blueprint. 
Increased Stim buff duration to NPC's from 30 seconds to 120. 
Changed Burston building requirements to 600 Ferrite instead of 600 Nano Spores.
Exodia Contagion now requires you to be Aim Gliding to launch the Infested energy projectile.
Cleaned up grenade sounds across all enemies
Corpus and Grineer now have unique grenade warning beeps and explosions!
Magus Revert now has a 3 second cooldown. This cooldown is a result of macro abuse in conjunction with Magus Lockdown and Madurai Meteoric Dash in order to deal an absurd amount of damage all at once. This change also fixes the issue:
Fixed ability to Void Dash contentiously for no Energy cost when Magus Lockdown, Magus Revert, and Madurai Meteoric Dash are triggered.
Reflex Guard Mod has changed from 55% Auto Parry Chance to +100% Parry Angle.
Renamed Limbo's Haven Augment Mod to Rift Haven.
Improved hand placement in the kneeling animation when logging into Warframe where chonkier Warframes appeared to have their hands clipping through their legs.
Small tweak towards the Corpus Sapping Osprey mine area-of-effect to better convey the hazardous radius.
Tweaked Corpus Ospreys movement to have more bodily rotation. 
Nova's Neutron Star Augment has been updated to reflect the following mechanic change:
Null Stars (on recast) are shot to enemies within 30 meters (closer enemies prioritized), on contact they explode for the same area-of-effect they do today. If it can't find any enemies they explode like they do now.
Tweaked Vallis Terra enemy lasers to be thinner/fade near the end, and to be more freezing/snow looking versus electric.
Updated the firing FX of the Opticor.
Optimizations for multi-core processing that were not possible with Windows XP.
Optimized Orb Vallis level visibility and zoning.
Optimized certain effects when hidden (such as the Edo Prime shoulder plate channelling electricity).
Made some micro-optimizations to UI performance in Orbiter and on Pause screens.
Made a micro-optimization to texture prioritization.
Made some micro-optimizations to rendering.
Made some micro-optimizations to GPU particles.
Made numerous micro-optimizations to memory management.
Changed Limbo's Stasis to no longer affect temporarily friendly enemies (Nyx's Mind Control, Revenant's Enthrall). 
Polished the Exergis reload animation for smoothness. 
Increased the radius of the Profit-Takers final explosion
you betta run!
All Orbs in the Orb Vallis are now immune to the effects of Corrosive Projection.
If Alad V is killed before his taunt transmissions finish, the transmissions will now be cut off by his death cry.
Re-enabled ability to equip multiple Echo-Lures to the Gear Wheel. This allows for quicker access to desired Echo-Lure when in that heated Conservation moment!
Shockwaves caused by Heavy Impact or Rhino's Passive now use your Energy colour.
Changed Garuda's FX to green ooze and other particles for Tenno with Gore disabled.
Improved the Corpus Dropship explosions on Vallis for an added razzle dazzle. 
Increased the distance at which you can see Dropships warping in/out on the Plains of Eidolon. 
Reduced volume of Archgun load and reload sounds.
Melee combo damage multiplier now affects Baruuk Desert Wind waves.
Improved mesh details on the Operator chair.
Updated Jackal's materials to PBR.
Improved the camera shake on Baruuk's Serene Storm ability.
Optimized Landscape level visibility and zoning of Orb Vallis minimap. 
Made some micro-optimizations to the launcher's cache verification tools. 
Made a micro-optimization to memory garbage collection performance.
Made some improvements to what Mods are prioritized when using auto install. 
Improved performance for Oberon's Hallowed Eruption Augment.
Improved performance for the enemy MOA leap ability in Orb Vallis. 
Removed [PH] from Codex descriptions of Raknoid and Orb enemies.
Improved sky fog in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Improved lighting & certain ramp sizes in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Improved environmental AI on the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Improvements towards AI pathing in the Grineer Asteroid Defection tileset. 
When Titania is in Razorwing, melee strikes on the butterflies no longer cause screen shake. 
Improved Shield Lancer strafing movement. 
Improved AI jump actions in the Grineer Forest Defense tileset to alleviate getting stuck on their path to the Defense Target reported here:
Tweaks to the Leech Osprey projectile mesh to fix it floating when stuck to the player.
Lowered Health of Grineer Arc Traps so they can be easily destroyed by a Melee radial slam.
Dispatch Overdrive now applies to Garuda's Talons when equipped.

### Fixes
Fixed Orb Vallis being improperly lit due to landscape surface shading. You should notice a eye-pleasing visual upgrade to your snowy surroundings!
Fixed ability to re-enter Lua puzzle rooms by rejoining a Host migrated mission. 
Fixed a crash when picking up any objective in Venus while playing at a lower frame rate.
Fixed crash when equipping the Cutter/Drill too soon after loading into Plains/Vallis.
Fixed opening two hidden Resource Caches at the same time preventing progression during a Bounty.
Fixed Resource Caches sometimes spawning inside caves and outside caves at a much farther distance in Plains Bounties. 
Fixed improperly ranked Solaris United players joining Orb Heists by rejoining a previous squad.
Fixed Mag's Crush granting Overshields to Operators.
Fixed cases of Rift Surge not always banishing enemies as they exit Limbo's Rift.
Fixed some Heavy Zaws applying their innate damage multiplier to the base damage of Warframe's with abilities that scale off their equipped melee (Atlas, Khora, etc).
Fixed inability to destroy Nullifier bubbles when inside Khora's Strangledome.
Fixed an issue with Mesa's Ballistic Battery not working with the Ignis. 
Fixed Operator Amps sometimes causes the Kuva cloud to disappear without properly giving Capture credit in a Kuva Siphon mission.
Fixed issue where Redeemer and Redeemer Prime charged attacks had no Critical Chance.
Fixed being able to receive rewards for a Syndicate Rank up even if the Rank didn't change.
Fixed the 'Synth Charge' Mod being erroneously equippable on some Exalted Weapons. 
Fixed issue where using Titania's Razorwing with a heavy weapon equipped would cause her to carry the heavy weapon while flying and then render it unusable.
Fixed issue with Orb Vallis Investigation and Rescue Bounties where the mission would not start if the player was on a K-Drive.
Fixed Magus Repair not affecting Excalibur Umbra.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize not affecting ragdolled enemies, but still draining Energy upon attempted cast. 
Fixed deploying your Heavy Weapon prior to the Jordas Golem Assassinate cutscene resulting in inability to use Archwing weapons during the fight.
Fixed being able to cast Warframe abilities while pulling yourself up over a ledge, resulting in broken animations. Now you have to wait to pull yourself up before you can cast!
Fixed Baruuk's Restraint amount changing following a Host migration for Clients.
Fixed Mutalist Quanta Alt Fire orbs not stacking.
Fixed Saturn Six Fugitives displaying target UI and Capture context in the Simulacrum
Fixed Frost's Snow Globe no longer causing enemies to go flying if they are caught within cast.
Fixed Smeeta Kavats being unreachable when becoming downed in mid-air.
Fixed Mesa's Regulators name not appearing in the HUD when ranking up.
Fixed enemies appearing 'stretched' when dying from the Glaxion.
Fixed releasing sprint while banking in Archwing would not clear bank velocity for the next time you sprinted.
Fixed flashlight persisting from the Operator after Transferring back to your Warframe.
Fixed a level hole in Relays and Maroo's Bazaar that allowed players to escape.
Fixed floor gaps in the Grineer Fortress tileset that resulted in Ayatans falling through to an unreachable place.
Fixed hole in Ocean surface on Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed misaligned Elevator call context action in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed collision issue with machinery in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed enemy AI getting stuck in the Grineer Forest Defense tileset. 
Fixed Orokin Derelict meshes poking through non-Derelict tilesets.
Fixed an escapable level hole in the Lua tileset. 
Fixed lighting issues on the Lua tileset.
Fixed gaps in terrain, improved performance and added raycast fog on a Grineer Forest tile.
Fixed the Cyngas becoming an auto-burst weapon in Atmosphere Archgun mode.
Fixed Operator Vent Pobber Ventkid Mask head placement.
Fixed an issue with the Mastery Sigil not properly working on Operators. 
Fixed some issues with the Atavist Prime Armor channeling FX being permanently present. 
Fixed a level hole in the Stealth Orokin Challenge. 
Fixed a localization issue with Arcane Fury and Arcane Awakening.
Fixed the Fluctus looking fuzzy when equipped. 
Fixed an issue with the Infested Ancient 'stretchy arm' attack never hitting, ever. 
Fixed wonky Boss intro camera angles.
Fixed incorrect placement of the Lex Conclave Skin on the Lex Prime.
Fixed Butcher-type enemies having problems missing their third attack.
Fixed the Tribute Statue Dojo Decoration not having any collision or text function.
Fixed the Mirage Immortal Skin not appearing on her Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed repeatedly restarting walk animations when aim firing the Operator Amp and then walking.
Fixed the Opticor (and likely others) not drawing a new beam with high Fire Rate Mods.
Fixed cases of your Sentinel roaming freely around your Orbiter.
Fixed MOA Companions with the Security Override Mod no longer hacking terminals in Spy missions.
Fixed your Companion jumping when exiting the Arsenal in Fortuna.
Fixed a delay in Tonkor's grenade explosion that occurred when the grenade passed through Volt's Shield.
Fixed excessively bright light emitting from the Lua Pavlov Spy vault glass panels.
Fixed pathing issue on the Orb Vallis that caused Sawgaws to get stuck on mushrooms during Conservation.
Fixed center piece of the Host's K-Drive not having customized colors in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed issue where players could not leave a message at any panel in the Dojo when using a controller
Fixed issue where Eximus enemies would fall out of formation with other enemies when using their abilities.
Fixed issue where Pheromone count did not update during Conservation.
Fixed missing energy FX on the Flox Syandana. 
Fixed footprints bug in the final cutscene of The War Within. 
Fixed Fissure Corruption FX not applying to Kitguns or Zaws. 
Fixed Market diorama of the Tenno Kindred Rug to let Tenno properly see the rug they're buying.
Fixed glitchy textures in Baruuk's diorama.
Fixed ice FX on Teshin's Orvius appearing too dim in The War Within cutscenes.
Fixed issue where Tenno slide sound continued to play if the player performed a roll action during a slide.
Fixed zoom bounce that would occur when selecting "repeat mission" at the end of a mission.
Fixed missing metal piece on the knee of the Saita Prime Operator Suit.
Fixed issue in Sabotage Invasion missions where the blast door terminal is located on the opposite side of the boarding pod when moving it to the to Corpus base.
Fixed broken materials on engine block and tech pieces in the Arboretum room in the Void. 
Fixed Syandanas not being covered by the Snow VFX when out in the Orb Vallis after a period of time. 
Fixed Mastery Sigil not appearing as intended the first time you enter the Operator Appearance tab. 
Fixed position of "pickup" FX on Profit-Taker Orb Articula.
Fixed VFX and particle effects from other player models appearing when talking to vendors in Cetus and Fortuna.
Fixed minor issue with the context action indicator FX where the particles would "lag behind" as you walked around it. 
Fixed kneeling sound FX playing before the login screen. 
Fixed inability to jump after exiting the Trading screen in the Dojo if the Trade an initiated while on a Kneeling Pad.
Fixed an issue with Vallis Cache Recovery Bounties immediately failing when transitioning to the next phase. 
Fixed halo FX from Nezha's Safeguard Augment appearing too low on Sentinels. 
Fixed crash when opening a Chat-linked Velocitus while in the Vehicles Arsenal.
Fixed Lancer and Temporal Dreg becoming visible again after being destroyed.
Fixed Magus Firewall Arcane's FX not appearing for Clients. 
Fixed issue with Clients not being able to accept the vote for Orb Heist Bounty in Fortuna.
Fixed crash related to the K-Drive End of Mission screen. 
Fixed issue with Titania's Dex Pixia muzzle flash scale. 
Fixed out of sync VO for Boon during K-Drive races.
Fixed flickering occurring when the camera enters/leaves a fog volume.
Fixed missing Nikana swipes not playing during a Parry Finisher.
Fixed the War not reflecting your chosen Energy color.
Fixed Little Duck floating outside during the Profit-Taker Bounty 1.
Fixed Articula's not displaying their respective equipped weapons.
Fixed Quick Thinking allowing multiple damage hits while knocked down.
Fixed Titania's Razorwing disabling your primary weapon after equipping a heavy weapon of the same type.
Fixed incorrect Scimitar Fuselage component description.
Fixed Cobra & Crane VFX distortions when holstered. 
Fixed jittery legs on players when covering large distances or moving extremely quickly.
Fixed Kitgun reload sounds playing when firing with Pax Charge equipped. 
Fixes towards Rescue Targets moving while downed.
Fixed the Kuva Specter appearing broken when in Operator Void Mode in The War Within.
Fixed enemies getting pulled through the floor of Orb Vallis' bases. 
Fixed K-Drive hovering on trees (properly this time).
Fixed ability to Dojo Duel your own Operator.
Fixed K-Drives appearing black when viewing them in the Arsenal.
Fixed incorrect FX color on impact when casting Ember's Fireball ability.
Fixed a long game hitch when switching loadouts in the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed Clients not seeing Orbiter changes made by the Host whilst visiting. 
Fixed inability to Gift the Akrabu and Flox Syandana.
Fixed the Plinx being misaligned with the Warframe's hand. 
Fixed incorrect Codex image for the Nightwatch Lancer.
Fixed a script error when attempting to equip a Magus Arcane on the Operator.
Fixed script errors that occurred with screens with Mods (Codex, Arsenal, Mod Bench).
Fixed a script error when accessing a Zaw/Kitgun loadout. 
Fixed script error with Valkyr's Hysterical Assault Augment. 
Fixed a script error when Reviving with the Mutalist Quanta equipped.
Fixed a script error when leveling up a Melee weapon if you have a large Inventory.
Mesa's Peacemaker will no longer trigger Arcane Velocity. Arcane Velocity can still be triggered outside of Peacemaker and will apply if Peacemaker is used during its duration.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.3 - Nightwave
**Date:** 2019-03-01T16:14:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.3
Nightwave:
Removed the Ducat selling price from a certain Grineer meatheads Part.

### Fixes
Fixed Warframe defaulting to DirectX10 when launching in DirectX11, resulting in slower running gameplay.
Fixed a script error when attempting to log in, resulting in an inability to enter your credentials. 
Fixed the UI displaying when Capturing 2 "escapees" at once.
Fixed missing Heat icon in the Arcane Manager screen.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.2 - Nightwave
**Date:** 2019-02-28T20:14:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.2
Nightwave:
Fixed naughty Syndicate's not giving you a new Rank when attempting to Rank up if you're an 'enemy' with that respective Syndicate as reported here:
We're working on a script to give back Sacrificed items that were lost. This thread will be updated when the script is complete.
As it turns out, a script is not required! If you Sacrificed items to the Syndicate void, attempting to Rank up again with the same Syndicate will instantly grant success without taking any requirements (aka free Rank up since you already paid).
Changed some Grineer meatheads dropped part to be Tradable.
Radio chatter is now disabled when in the Wolf of Saturn Six screen.
Numerous localized Wolf of Saturn Six text updated.

### Fixes
Fixed refined Plains Gems having a Trade Tax of 1 million Credits.
Fixed wonky projectile launch position of the Penta. 
Fixed the Riv Elite-Guard Armor in Teshin's Conclave Offerings displaying a Platinum price. Purchasing this would take the correct Standing as intended and not Platinum.
Fixed text filepath appearing when Unveiling a Riven.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.1 - Nightwave
**Date:** 2019-02-27T23:20:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.3.1
Nightwave:
Reduced frequency of Nora Night Radio transmissions.

### Fixes
Fixed the Word State Window Alert tab disappearing after completing the Weekly Alerts, making Arbitrations unplayable.
Fixed inability to Capture a 3rd "escapee".
Fixed socketing an Ayatan Sculpture in your Dojo not contributing to its respective Wolf of Saturn Six Challenge.
Fixed some of Nora Night's Radio transmission subtitles being visible even though her audio is inaudible.
Fixed Nora Night Radio transmissions overlapping her UI.
Fixed a wonky FX in The Wolf of Saturn Six opening diorama.
Fixed missing facial textures in The Wolf of Saturn Six opening diorama.
Fixed Somachord music playing over top The Wolf of Saturn Six opening diorama.
Fixed incorrect sound playing when completing a Wolf of Saturn Six Challenge.
Fixed Zenistar not launching projectile on Charge Attack.
Fixed a text filepath showing on the Nightwave Syndicate End of Mission screen.
Fixed a script error when completing Simaris' Daily Task.

## Fortuna: Update 24.3.0 - Nightwave
**Date:** 2019-02-27T18:58:21Z | **Type:** Update
Warframe's Minimum Supported Spec has changed to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, DirectX 10 capable graphics cards, and 4GB of RAM.
### Changes
Fortuna: Update 24.3.0
Nightwave:
Nightwave has arrived
are you listening, Dreamer?
Introducing Nora Night
a rogue interplanetary Radio host who has tales from the Origin System for your ears only.
Participate in each Nightwave Series for unique stories, exclusive rewards, and access to Nora's wares.
Introducing Nightwave Series 1, Episode 1: The Wolf of Saturn Six. 
Login now to begin discovering what Nora Night has to say
and oh yeah, she has incentives.
Nora is in the business of storytelling
and The Wolf of Saturn Six is just her first story to tell. After many weeks, she'll liven the airwaves with a new story... check back soon, Tenno.
Full Nightwave Details are here:
Changed the Mutalist Quanta Alt Fire damage type from Electricity to Toxin and slightly increased the Explosion Range from 6m to 8m.
Removed the Radio Chatter toggle trigger in the Orbiter and moved into the Settings > Audio.
Added a checkmark for prerequisite Dojo Research preview and completed material requirements.
Swapped the order of Operator Hair 'Tips' and 'Highlight' in the customization menu so it made more sense with the tint masks used.
Scrollbars now default to a condensed mode where necessary. Hovering over their hitbox will expand them to a normal size.
The Trading UI screen now has chosen UI Themed particle FXs.
Fixed the 'Lost Connection' UI popup not fully reflecting chosen UI Theme.
Fixed an unnecessary plural pronoun in the Inbox notification UI popup.
Potential fix for the Daily Tribute Vignette sometimes not being attached to the edge of the screen.
Fixed issue where colors didn't match chosen UI themes in Warframe and weapon stat popups.
Fixed the UI not reflecting a new Trade Offering correctly after a player offered Platinum and switched it to something else.

### Fixes
Fixed another case of using Transference while simultaneously being knocked down as a Client resulting in an inability to cast Warframe Abilities, use Gear, or use Transference. 
Fixed inability to proceed in the Vox Solaris quest if the timer runs out during the 'Investigate the Area' phase.
Fixed the Magus Repair replenishing your Warframe's Health twice as quickly as intended.
Fixed Clients able to permanently continually heal your Warframe's Health by Transferring in succession with Magus Repair equipped. 
Fixed the Magus Lockdown using the wrong physical grenade mine mesh.
Fixed Vallis Reinforcement Beacons triggering Spy Bounty alarms if they were placed before the Bounty phase started.
Fixed a case of the Courier Ambush Bounty insta-failing in Orb Vallis.
Fixed enemies not spawning correctly in the Grineer Sealab Exterminate tileset.
Fixed missing in-world objective marker in the Lua Zeipel tileset until reaching the Rescue hack panel room.
Fixed Clients appearing to fire from only the right Akjagara Prime pistol. 
Fixed Decorations not aligning to surfaces when using surface snapping.
Fixed the Note Beacon text appearing in Navigation dioramas if placed behind the Navigation console.
Fixed missing Zaw preview when the Sepfahn Strike is selected.
Fixed missing sound when re-Casting Volt's Speed Ability.
Fixed some Companions not appearing in the Codex until they have been Incubated. 
Fixed a script error related to Mastery Sigils.
Fixed flickering lake in Grineer Shipyards Mobile Defense tileset.
Fixed Lotus and Ordis transmissions overlapping radio transmissions.
Fixed a script error when attempting to offer Weapon/Warframe Blueprints in a Trade.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.15
**Date:** 2019-02-15T15:25:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.15:
A big chunk of this Hotfix is to enable the Relics for the upcoming Weekend Faction War Alerts:
Increased chance of Kavat scans yielding Genetic Codes to 25% and made drop chance/amount Boosters apply to all scans that yield Resources.
Numerous improvements towards AI navigation in the Grineer Forest tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed using Transference while simultaneously being knocked down as a Client resulting in an inability to cast Warframe Abilities, dodge, or use Transference. This archaic bug forced players to die/revive in order to continue performing such actions. 
Fixed Ratels spawned from a Corpus Sniper shadow (Nekros' Shadows of the Dead) not appearing purple or having a Health decay, thus resulting in an inability to progress through certain missions (Defense waves, etc). 
Fixed the Trail Blazer K-Drive Mod not functioning.
Fixed the Quick Escape K-Drive Mod resulting in players taking massive damage upon crashing.
Fixed missing 21:9 and 32:9 manual aspect ratio settings.
Fixed not being able to @ people in Chat if their name included a '.'.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.14
**Date:** 2019-02-08T23:14:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.14:
Fixed certain cases of not receiving Ghoul Purge rewards.

### Fixes
Fixed some enemies spawning in ceilings and walls in Fissure missions which can often lead to lack of progression.
Fixed grinding not working on K-Drives with using a controller.
Fixes towards AI spawning and navigation in the Grineer Forest and Corpus Outpost tileset.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.13
**Date:** 2019-02-06T18:59:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Additions
Added a new Clan Role of 'Fabricator':
Enabled (default)
Ability to replicate Clan research 
Disabled
Inability to replicate Clan research

### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.13:
Spoiler
VIPER
KRAKEN
ANKYROS
ATTICA
KESTREL
KUNAI
TEKKO
MIRE
TYSIS
SPIRA
LESION
AMPHIS
DUAL SKANA
FURAX
KARAK
PENTA
KOGAKE
HALIKAR
GLAIVE
GRAKATA
HIRUDO
MAGNUS
BO
OBEX
MARELOK
TIPEDO
KARYST
ZHUGE
MACHETE
FERROX
DUAL KERES
Increased the Conservation Tranq Rifle clip size from 1 to 3 tranqs!
Restored the ability of controller players to speak the universal language of Warframe: crouching like a madperson while you're waiting for the slow person to reach the elevator. Also fixed not being able to bullet-jump immediately from a stationary position on controller.
Toned down the controller trigger sensitivity slightly based on player feedback that you would stop aiming/firing with a very small amount of trigger release.
Improvements towards minimap marker pathing.
Adjusted overly loud ice crack sounds in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed enemies sometimes triggering detection beams that should only trigger for Tenno in the Lua tileset.
Fixed Banshee Sonar reading "CRITICAL MULTIPLIER" when it's actually "DAMAGE MULTIPLIER".
Fixed ability to apply Operator Hair which you did not purchase when using a controller.
Fixed broken objective marker in the Tyl Regor Assassinate mission.
Fixed an issue where interrupting the Atomos reload could leave it with parts detached.
Fixed The Index Sigil reading 'Emblem' instead of 'Sigil'.
Fixed a script error that occurs on Host migration in Interception missions.
Fixed a script error upon dying in the middle of a Grineer Commander Switch Teleport.
Fixed a script error with Nova Prime.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.12
**Date:** 2019-01-30T20:11:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.12:
Removed unintentional ability for the Operator to use the Archwing Deployer Gear Item.
Improvements towards AI becoming stuck in staircases in the Void Defense tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed a rare case of inability to transition from the Plains of Eidolon back to Cetus.
Fixed cases of inability to customize your K-Drive.
Fixed the Rescue NPC not returning your graciously gifted Secondary weapon upon completing the Rescue Bounty phase in the Plains of Eidolon. 
Fixes towards Coildrivers ramming into the Coildrive you're defending, resulting in a huge amount of damage being taken and failing the Vallis Bounty. 
Fixed the waypoint marker not leading you correctly to the Ambulas boss room in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed various issues when attempting to Chat link 'MOA'.
Fixed a loss of functionality when K-driving with Quick Thinking equipped.
Fixed a script error when casting Garuda's Blood Altar ability.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.11
**Date:** 2019-01-29T19:01:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.11:
Check out the accompanying Fire & Ice Vault Accessories and more here:
Returned the Imperator Vandal Critical Chance to 15% and Status Chance to 10% in Archwing mode.
Changed the cost of Rushing the Gravimag Blueprint from 50 Platinum to 10 Platinum.
Reduced the Gravimag Blueprint Rush time from 3 days to 1 day.
Increased the time waypoints stay active in the Plains/Vallis. They now last 5x times longer!

### Fixes
Fixed Octavia's Mallet or Resonator ability breaking the 'Base Capture' phase of the Profit-Taker Bounty 1.
Fixed Magus Lockdown not spawning an actual mine upon Void Dashing.
Fixed AI that are meant to follow you becoming distracted. This was predominantly seen during the The War Within and The Sacrifice quests during certain moments.
Fixed missing 'Operator' HUD text when using Transference.
Fixed blurry FX for Clients when casting Mesa's Shooting Gallery ability.
Fixed Mesa's Shooting Gallery ability Energy color always appearing red.
Fixed a Smokefinger and Rude Zuud Memory Fragment having the same Codex image.
Fixed missing text in one of Smokefinger's Memory Fragments.
Fixed the Tekelu Skins appearing incorrectly when equipped. 
Fixed a sound glitch when being hit by Corrupted Vor's beam attack while in Limbo's Rift.
Fixed missing Korean LOC translations for Arcanes. 
Fixed some spotloading caused by Arcanes on Operators.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.10
**Date:** 2019-01-23T20:08:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.10:
Increased Damage from +66% to +165% (at max rank). 
Increased Accuracy reduction from -33% to -55% (at max rank).
Increased the Physique Aura Mod from providing +18% Health to +90% Health (at max rank).
Increased the accuracy of the Brakk.
Increased the accuracy of the Kohmak/Twin Kohmak.
Sentient Mimics have updated their cognitive thinking and will now take on the proper form of the newly re-meshed Corpus Lockers.
Using a zipline now requires you to be within 2 meters of it. This should abate all manners of undesired zipline-related tomfoolery.
Improvements towards AI navigation pathing in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Improvements towards where the Rescue Target can be told to stop and take cover in the Lua tileset.
Improvements towards pathing issues when fighting the Ambulas in the Corpus Outpost.

### Fixes
Fixed some rare cases of getting stuck in the Fortuna/Cetus elevator when returning to the town after a Host migration.
Fixed DirectX 10 not rendering FX in various places including the Plains of Eidolon/Orb Vallis and Relays.
Fixed inability to equip Ruinous Extension on the Ocucor. 
Fixed being able to equip Stance Mods in any slot and any Mod in the Stance slot for Garuda Talons and unequip Mods that break these rules.
Fixing (again) spin attacks not working on controller unless you wait 0.15 seconds after pressing slide (not breaking toggle-sprint this time).
Fixed inability to use the Scanner as the Operator.
Fixed your Warframe floating in the Arsenal when exiting the Mod Upgrade screen (through the Exalted Weapon) quickly.
Fixed that one extraction cinematic on Earth where the Warframe mounts the ship on an angle. You know the one.
Fixed Liset customization not loading in on time when flying into a mission.
Fixed inability to Chat link Crisma Toroids.
Fixed the Stug's projectiles interacting physically with ragdolls.
Fixed some AI potentially getting stuck in their landing jump state which prevents them from being able to move from that point on.
Fixed Inaros' Devour not working for enemy / allied Inaros AI (Specters).
Fixed certain Wyrmius rewards appearing as filepaths. 
Fixed certain Warframe ability FX not appearing when in the Orokin Derelict extraction area.
Fixed Nidus' Passive description claiming it uses 10 Mutation Stacks when it uses 15 Mutation Stacks when playing Warframe in Portuguese.
Fixed incorrect punctuation in certain subtitles during the Second Dream Quest.
Fixed broken tags in the Venari Bodyguard Mod that were broken in a few languages (German, Polish, Chinese).

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.9 + 24.2.9.1
**Date:** 2019-01-18T14:16:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.9:
A typical day in the life of Nyx involves Mind Control
grabbing, pumping up, and dominating an enemy. Psychic Bolts
Enfeebling up to 6 enemies
removing up to all of their defenses. Spreading unlimited Chaos within range. And Absorb
defending herself / redirecting all incoming fire in a psychic explosion. We've made the applications of Absorb a little more powerful this Hotfix.
Adding sounds to Psychic Bolts deactivate hold and end
you can despell this ability by holding '2' by default! 
Improved Psychic Bolts disabled FX.
The following Profit-Taker Bounty rewards have been added to Vox Solaris Offerings for Standing:
Gyromag Systems (1000 Standing)
Atmo Systems (2500 Standing)
Repeller Systems (5000 Standing)
Increased the Standing gains from K-Drive races from 50 to 100 per gate:
The amount of Standing rewarded is based on the number of gates * 100 (10 gates * 100 = 1000 Standing) if you successful complete the race.
Added code for laptops with AMD GPUs to request optimized performance (instead of low-power).
Made multiple optimizations to Orb Vallis memory footprint
Improvements towards Quest progress becoming unsynced when experiencing bad internet connections for the following Quests:
The War Within
The Second Dream
Chains of Harrow
The New Strange
The Jordas Precept
Performance improvements caused by leaking particle system effects.
Further improvements towards Mesa Prime's rear weight to fix collapsing when crouching.
Optimized performance of plant pollen effects on the Earth tileset
Improved the error prompt when attempting to replicate a Blueprint in another Clan's Dojo to more accurately state the reasoning behind the error.
Improvements towards Clients getting easily knocked off their K-Drives when casually riding, as opposed to the Host.
Reverted the following fix due to breaking 'Sprint Toggle' controller functionality (will be revisited):
Fixed not being able to do a Melee spin attack with controller unless you wait 0.15 seconds after pressing the slide button.

### Fixes
Fixed the Spare Parts Mod triggering from self-inflicted death (Lenz, etc), which allowed it's chance function of dropping a Rare Item to trigger repeatedly at your leisure.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Ground one shotting enemies whose Shields have been removed via the Shield Disruption Aura in the Index. 
Fixed Baruuk's Restraint meter not maintaining after a Host migration. We're continuing to investigate the issue still occurring for Clients.
Fixed Baruuk's Restraint UI particles not appearing when the HUD Scale is increased. 
Fixed MOA Companions attacking enemies that are considered 'suspicious' but not yet 'alarmed'. 
Fixed using a Warframe with the Equilibrium Mod equipped resulting in disproportionate Health/Energy gains displayed on the UI when picking up multiple orbs in succession.
Fixed Nova Prime's Null Star antimatter particles not being gold.
Fixed experiencing a 20 second hitch when loading into the Dojo.
Fixed seeing Kuva in the Mission Progress/End of Mission screen when you're ineligible to earn it. This is a follow-up fix from:
Fixed clients who already completed a particular Kuva Siphon/Flood mission being able to re-earn the same Kuva reward by joining any Host that hasn't completed said mission yet.
Fixed not being able to do a Melee spin attack with controller unless you wait 0.15 seconds after pressing the slide button.
Fixed Client Simulors continuously animating and playing shooting FX for Host and other Clients.
Fixed Reactant appearing as 'Corruption' when waypointing it.
Fixed Clients not seeing Dropship doors open.
Fixed some Mods not indicating in the Codex that they drop from the Fomorian.
Fixed various Grineer Codex icons displaying the wrong respective weapon.
Fixed animal Tags used in Conservation having a file path instead of their proper description.
Fixed Quick Reload and Sabot Rounds Mods having all caps description text.
Fixed animation issues with non-default Lisets at the end of some missions during The War Within Quest.
Fixed texture holes in the Flox Syandana.
Fixed incorrect punctuation in certain subtitles during the Second Dream Quest.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.8
**Date:** 2019-01-15T14:46:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.8:
Titania's Razorflies will now gain Health when Titania kills enemies while in Razorwing. 
Increased Titania's Thorns/Entangle Tribute Range from 10m to 30m.
Added missing offsets for Mesa Presidio on some Armor sets so that when the Skin is equipped on Mesa Prime, the proper offsets are used.
Adjusted the texture weight of Mesa's rear area to avoid collapsing. 
Further improvements towards Mesa Prime's Attachments when enabled on TennoGen Skins, equipping Emblems, and overall texture issues.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker weapon damage not showing correctly in the Simulacrum.
Baruuk's Elude conal indicator FX will now only be seen by the local player (person casting the ability). 
Slight tweak to Baruuk's Elude ability FX that unnecessarily pulsed.
Fixed using Transference while Baruuk's Savagery is active resulting in breaking his custom UI.
Reduced the flashlight FX further when Mining to avoid excessive bloom and inability to see deposits.
Improvements towards Vallis Mining deposit spawn locations that resulted in an inability to successfully Mine them.
Stalker's Smoke Screen ability now has a 20 second cooldown.
Fixed players panicking and fleeing the mission causing Stalker to get stuck and preventing mission progress.
Fixed Stalker not being fully invulnerable during his spawn/getup sequence.
Reverted the recent Helios scanning changes to restore its ability to scan collectibles (Thousand-Year Fish, Fortuna Lore Fragments, etc). After much player and internal feedback, we're keeping this a 'bug turned feature'. 
Updated Nyx and Nyx Prime's Passive descriptions to more accurately entail her recently tweaked Passive.
Syndicate Offerings screen now displays Mastered/Forma icons.
Reduced Nova Null Star ability firing sound.
Read Twitch Drop Inbox messages will now be auto-removed after 30 days.
Increased the brightness of the Argonaks enemy highlight FX. 
Performance improvements related to firing the Imperator.
Improvements towards enlarged fonts appearing unpleasant.

### Fixes
Fixed the Helminth Charger standing in place and swiping at the air instead of damaging enemies, also fixes lunge attacks missing even though they should be hitting when the Strain Mod Set is equipped.
Fixed Strain Mod set causing a script error and failing to grow Cysts if the player does not have Strain Fever equipped.
Fixed Strain Mod set Cysts continuing to grow after combat has ended and the last Cyst has popped.
Fixed Magus Revert consuming Energy on the second Void Dash (revert). 
Fixed Magus Revert not placing the Operator back at the original position when initially casted for Clients.
Fixed Magus Revert causing Void Dashes to not use any Energy for Clients.
Fixed Null Star deactivating for one Nova causing it to deactivate for all Novas.
Fixed certain Operator Amp Prisms refilling Energy instantly when all Ammo/Energy is depleted. 
Fixed clients who already completed a particular Kuva Siphon/Flood mission being able to re-earn the same Kuva reward by joining any Host that hasn't completed said mission yet.
Fixed the Enemy Radar Mod not showing Pobbers, Bolarolas, and Sawgaws on the minimap.
Fixed cases of the Scan Aquatic Lifeforms Mod not working, such as after dismounting from a K-Drive.
Fixed the Klamora Prism fire FX not tracking while firing as the Client.
Fixed the Upgrade screen breaking for Garuda's Talons and Mesa's Regulators if you click the Mods button and back out.
Fixed the Host being able to start the Profit-Taker Bounty before other squadmates are ready.
Fixed inability to skip the Profit-Taker cutscene dialog with a controller.
Fixes towards ability to use your primary/secondary before your Arch-Gun has been unequipped.
Fixed inability to Dissolve Rivens due to them not remaining selected when logging in with over max capacity Rivens. 
Fixed the Loc-pin being non-interactable when newly placed until re-entering the mission.
Fixed stretched looking geometry textures when unequipped a Heavy Blade weapon after quick meleeing. 
Fixed Octavia's Anthem quest note FX during the boss fight being too dim.
Fixed the Donda appearing to clip through the table during the Chains of Harrow quest.
Fixed unnecessary smoke FX in Palladino's room during the Chains of Harrow quest.
Fixed certain Warframe Helmets made up of multiple pieces (Ivara, Nidus, among a couple of others) not appearing fully wet when on the Plains while raining.
Fixed an infinite loop script error for certain players when trying to place Decorations or obtaining Endo from Maroo.
Fixed ability to skip the Trading confirmation wait time by hitting the spacebar.
Fixed hard edged puddles in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed missing 'Corrupted' indications when viewing enemies under the Profile Stats.
Fixed Deth Machine Rifle sound not playing at high rates of fire.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize ability sounds and swirl FX stopping early when used with Duration Mods as reported here:
Fixed Ammo Chain Mod description displaying "AMMO MAXIMUM" all in capital letters.
Fixed a typo in one of Ticker's Lore Fragments.
Fixed missing text in one of the Business' Lore Fragments.
Fixed Loadout search not working initially if the current Loadout causes the Loadout list to be scrolled.
Fixed UI notifications not updating colors when changing UI Themes.
Fixed cases of the DPS counter displaying even when disabled. 
Fixed performance issues caused by leaking Fluctus impact FX.
Fixed a memory leak when leaving the Orb Vallis and returning to Solaris or traversing certain Conduits in Sanctuary Onslaught.
Fixed discrepancies of Solar Map/Star Chart mentions.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.7 + 24.2.7.1
**Date:** 2019-01-09T18:37:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
As mentioned back in June 2018, Warframe's Minimum Supported Specs will change to Windows 7, 64-bit operating systems, and DirectX 10 capable graphics cards in mid-February 2019.
### Additions
A search box has been added to the Arsenal Loadout selection screen.
Added a new sound for the Pax Charge Arcane.

### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.7:
Find these new Warframe Augments from their respective Syndicate Offerings.
Baruuk's end of Elude animation no longer prevents movement.
Improvements towards performance/visual issues with Baruuk's Elude ability by removing the blur FX if using the 'Low Particle Quality' setting based on feedback:
Reduced the FX density of Baruuk's Lull fog to fix reported performance issues. 
Fixed Baruuk's Desert Wind weapon displaying as having Impact, Puncture, and Slash in the Arsenal when it's just Impact.
Fixed Baruuk's Serene Storm Desert Wind waves not hitting ragdolled enemies.
Fixed Baruuk's Serene Storm Desert Wind waves not matching FX direction.
Fixed a script error when casting Baruuk's Serene Storm ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Baruuk's Desolate Hands ability.
As per feedback, Harrow's Systems Blueprint has been added as a Rare drop in Rotation B for Defection missions. This means you have 2 chances in the Endless loop to obtain Harrow, not just one at Rotation C. To maintain balance, a Corrupted Mod has moved to Rotation A.
Increased Harrow's Energy gain from his Thurible ability (max ranked now gains 2x as much). 
Increased Duration of Harrow's Penance by around 20%.
Lowered Nyx's Abilities volume for less fatigue while using Abilities repeatedly.
Fixed Corpus Ospreys not following you closely anymore when under Nyx's Mind Control ability.
Added a "Show In HUD" option to context menu for the Loc-Pin (off by default). When enabled, it will show an in-world marker for the owner of the marker.
Added a custom color option to the Loc-Pin.
Increased the Loc-Pin limit from 10 to 15. 
Remove [PH] text from the Loc-Pin item description.
Fixed the Loc-Pin item mechanic not saving properly.
Removed the requirement of needing the Adherent Rank with the Quills to Gild your Amp with Little Duck. 
Replaced the Braton Prime Blueprint with the Braton Prime Receiver in the Lith K2 Relic due to an unintentional vaulting of the Receiver! 
Changed the Scyto Raknoid Affinity to 1k and Ryta Raknoid to 1.5k.
Reduced the Standing cost of Transmutation Cores from 10k to 5k.
Reduced the Standing cost of Cetus Wisps from 10k to 5k.
Javlok Capacitors can now be sold to 2,500 Credits (as to not pile up in your Inventory).
The 'Toggle Prime Details' has been added back to Mesa Prime! The team has made improvements towards the blending of both Mesa TennoGen Skins and her Prime Details. 
Fast Travel in Fortuna is now enabled for Little Duck when appropriate. 
Changed the 'not scanned' FX color of the Simaris Scanner to be more red than orange to improve visibility. 
Corpus Lockers will show their new hologram if unlocked with the Master Thief Mod.
Helios no longer scans Solaris Lore Fragments.
You can purchase multiple Arcanes from the respective Vendors (Rude Zuud, etc). 
The UI now displays a max of 999,999,999 Credits (our servers will still track up to 9 quadrillion Credit balances but will not be displayed in-game).
Tweaks to Staticor and Simulor FX to try and reduce blowout with brightest Energy colours and Mirage equipped.
Further improvements towards Operator hairstyles that include a hair band.
Updated the Operator Amp Icon.
Made some micro-optimizations to the Hunter Command Beast Precept Mod.
Optimized some frame-time spikes.
The Gift recipient name will now be auto-filled with attempting to send said Gift from that respective players Wish List. 
Toned down the firing FX on the Sarpa.
Tweaked the radius/release sounds of Pheromone Synthesizers.

### Fixes
Profit-Taker Bounty 1 now requires you to have a Fishing Spear equipped in your Gear. 
Players no longer need to wait for Eudico to finish her greeting dialog when initially prompting the 'Briefing'.
Adjusted Eudico transmission timing during the Profit-Taker Bounty 3, which also fixes overlapping Eudico transmissions. 
Fixes towards Profit-Taker not entering last Pylon phase in the Profit-Taker Bounty 4.
Fixed players who didn't initiate the Profit-Taker Bounty being unable to skip the intro cutscene. 
Fixed Profit-Taker dipping its toe in coolant and attempting to teleport, resulting in breaking its AI.
Fixed incorrect Little Duck transmissions during Profit-Taker Bounties.
Sound/presentation fixes for the Psychic Bolts re-cast (Hold 2). 
Absorb damage scaling/CC Range reviews. While with the Assimilate Augment frankly Absorb is a different ability, but the base Absorb offerings are still being reviewed to escalate benefit for those who know how to tactically use it in a squad and solo setting. 
Fixes for Mind Control targets + Rift.
Re-reviewing Tribute's buffs.
Fixed Sentients not spawning during a specific stage of the Second Dream quest.
Fixed the Hunter Command Beast Precept Mod generating 100 Kavat Affinity every 6 seconds (this could also trigger a UI-issue where it would appear to generate increasing amounts of Affinity).
Fixes towards issues with lost Focus XP if a Host migration occurred.
Fixed a functionality loss when using Transference right being interacting with a conversation (Cetus/Fortuna Vendor). 
Fixed Exalted weapons remaining equipped for no Energy cost after a Host migration occurs.
Fixed Magus Anomaly Arcane pulling Kuva Siphons, Eidolons, Lephantis, and other "boss" type enemies as reported here:
Fixed Mesa's Shooting Gallery ability applying to Operators damage output. 
Fixed Consumables in the higher Gear Spiral Slots than the one you used up becoming unequipped.
Fixed the Fluctus ignoring Nullifier bubbles when using it in Atmosphere mode. 
Fixed Exalted weapons not showing correct Damage stats in the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones not firing Tonkor grenades. 
Fixed MOA Companions equipped with the Security Override Mod ability to hack quest-critical objects which result in skipping gameplay stages.
Fixed the Ammo max increase from the Arch-Gun Ammo Chain Mod applying to your primary weapon. 
Fixes towards Kavats getting stuck navigating on bridges. 
Fixed Extracting as Operator not rewarding you Simaris Standing gained from scanning enemies. 
Fixed redundant text from Ticker's Lore Fragments. 
Fixed Rain FX in the Plains of Eidolon appearing to stack when entering/exiting Cetus, resulting in poor visibility as reported here:
Fixed some Warframes not appearing wet when in the Plains while raining. 
Fixed the Battacor looping its fire animation/sound for Clients as reported here:
Fixes towards lingering beam FX when becoming Knocked Down with the Synoid Gammacor. 
Fixed the Tek Mod zone FX colours not using chosen Energy colour.
Fixed inability to see Mesa/Mesa Prime's Regulators on other players in the Dojo/Relay.
Fixed inability to see Mesa/Mesa Prime's Regulators in the Simulacrum Arsenal as a Client. 
Fixed inability to disable Nidus' Metamorphosis in the Captura Arsenal.
Fixed some looping weapons being too loud when pausing Captura.
Fixed scaling discrepancies with the Motherwrench Hammer Skin scale on certain weapons.
Fixed Clients in the Simulacrum seeing Talons on other Warframes when Garuda is equipped and previewing others.
Fixed seeing personal 'Owned' Icons/info when viewing another players Wish List.
Fixed certain Vendors not displaying Mastered or Forma tag icons for respective Blueprints (Konzu, etc).
Fixed inability to Chat link newer Operator Amp parts.
Fixed duplicate 'UNRANKED' text on the Arcane Trade screen. 
Fixed Cephalon Simaris' Simulor Blueprint Offering displaying a misleading 'RANK 30' description.
Fixed Little Duck's Operator Arcanes Tab being mislabeled as Mods.
Fixed Umbra following the Operator into the Quill Cave. 
Fixed Excalibur missing his ground slam sound when using his Exalted Blade.
Fixed Rare Storage Container sounds not playing when running Helene / Hydron Defense missions.
Fixed K-Drives becoming constantly stuck to the roof of Vallis bunkers.
Fixed navigating to Orb Vallis while having 'Overlay Map' enabled resulting in incorrect UI to appear and the map cannot be moved.
Fixed Orokin Drones missing their death FX.
Fixed Lynx turret grenades and lens flare FX lingering for Clients, which could result in performance issues overtime. 
Fixed misaligned Cannon firing FX in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed the Lega Prism Amp FX lingering for Clients. 
Fixed lingering FX on the Corinth Alt-Fire.
Fixed the 'Friend Request' UI icon never disappearing. 
Fixed Mesa Prime's lower cloth clipping through her legs. 
More fixes towards the Bloodshed Sigil not appearing correctly on the Operator. 
Fix an offset issue with the Yamako and Vanquished Syandana variants (Solstice, Rubedo, etc.) to improve placements on certain Warframes.
Fixed an offset issue with the Phased Asa Syandana to make it match the same offsets as the regular Asa Syandana.
Fixed Garuda's arm cloth clipping through the Abrasys Syandana.
Fixed the Nagantaka not appearing properly in the Market diorama.
Fixed the Flox Syandana not applying the chosen Energy color as reported here:
Fixed seeing context actions for the 'Back Room' in Fortuna when not appropriate. 
Fixed some remaining Arcanes still having ALL CAPS descriptions.
Fixed Kitgun sounds not playing when using Archwing in Vallis/Plains.
Fixed sound playing when mousing over 'Types' in the Inventory.
Fixed case where the Inbox could reshow itself and double up its button bar buttons when opened in a Relay.
Fixes towards scenarios where Gifting would fail.
Fixed the Featured item UI marker not displaying correctly when browsing the Market.
Fixed a script error when Khora's Venari passive activates.
Fixed a script error related to the Mining reticle.
Fixed Bloodshed Sigil discrepancies in Operator transmissions. 
Fixed possible script error if the Bloodshed Sigil is equipped on your Operator when first loading into the Liset.
Fixes potentially crash under conditions of high latency when someone Revives and uses a Gear item.
Fixed Vehicle category items not being capitalized. 
Fixed an issue with a crash that could occur when Host Migrating and returning to towns. 
Fixed some UI elements not being tintable with themes.
Fixed inability to equip the Static Alacrity Mod on the Staticor in Conclave.
Fixed infinite loading in the Vallis elevator.
Fixed Magus Repair Operator Arcane not functioning for Clients.
Fixed multiple missing Warframe Deluxe Helmet Icons.
Fixed Flox Syandana offsets when equipped on Valkyr/Valkyr Prime.
Fixed a controller script error when going into the Trading Post when there's no trade partners available.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.6
**Date:** 2018-12-20T22:05:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.6:
Shared Affinity gain now applies to Atmosphere Arch-Guns but only while equipped in the main hand.
Fixed not having a Arch-Gun equipped by default (if they own an Archwing primary weapon with the Gravimag installed) when changing Loadouts .
Fixed an issue where players with Arch-Guns in their loadout couldn't Wall Latch.
Fixed Chroma not playing Arch-Gun equip/charged fire animations.
Fixed the Imperator and Imperator Vandal reload sounds playing non-positional.
Corpus Lockers/Caches that can be opened now display a holographic symbol to indicate such. Corpus Lockers/Caches without the holographic symbol cannot be opened. 
This change comes from vocal feedback regarding the unlock/locked visual changes to Corpus Lockers, and the conflict between the lack of contrast.
Updated all Arcane Descriptions to not be all CAPS.
Updated Riven Mods to have proper names for Zaw and Kitguns, instead of using Melee and Pistol in names.

### Fixes
Fixed ability to double-up on Profit-Taker drops if a Host Migration occurred (coal for you!).
Fixed a Profit-Taker Bounty 1 progression stopper if players join-in-progress during the fishing stage.
Fixed a Profit-Taker Bounty 2 progression stopper where a Director wouldn't spawn.
Fixed the Shattering Impact Mod breaking the Profit-Taker. Profit-Taker is now immune to Armor Reduction.
Fixed K-Drive offsets appearing detached when out in Orb Vallis (appeared correct in Arsenal). 
Fixed being able to 'interact/pet' your MOA Companion even though it's not visible/equipped.
Fixed the Bloodshed Sigil not resetting after switching Warframes in the Arsenal.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.5
**Date:** 2018-12-20T00:45:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This Hotfix contains a chunk of the recently broadcasted changes coming mentioned here. More to come!Note: you can skip cutscenes with default Left Mouse Button / Fire.
### Additions
By request, the Gravimag can now be purchased in the Market!
Added 'NOTE: Deployment requires gear obtained from the Profit Taker mission in Fortuna' to the Gravimag description.

### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.5:
The following items have been added to the Profit-Taker drop table (not Bounty reward):
A chance for Profit-Taker Articula (New!)
Guaranteed Debt-Bonds
3x Medical Debt-Bonds
2x Advances Debt-Bonds
1x Familiar Debt-Bond
Guaranteed 'Profit' 5x 25,000 Credit Drops
Profit-Taker is no longer affected by the Shield Disruption Aura.
Changed the Arch-Gun Deployer cooldown timer to scale based on remaining Atmosphere Arch-Guns Ammo pool upon unequipping.
Increased Grattler Ammo capacity from 180 to 210 in Atmosphere Arch-Gun.
Removed unintentional ability to summon Arch-Gun in Melee Only Sorties.
Ivara's Sleep Arrow now grants a 'Perfect Capture' if the shot is a direct hit. The farther off your shot the more distressed the animal gets.
Animals will be less stressed the closer you are to them when casting Baruuk's Lull ability.
Reduced the Pheromone Synthesizer Standing Cost from 1000 Standing to 100
500 Standing depending on the animal.
The Bloodshed Sigil now remains visible (if you've taken damage) when entering or exiting Cetus/Fortuna and Arsenals (applies to Operator as well).
Deadly Efficiency's Duration can now be refreshed if it is already active.
Restored the option to purchase 1 Forma or a pack of 3 Formas when you don't have any and you want to Polarize something.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash when cancelling a mission vote after a Client leaves.
Fixed the Bloodshed Sigil resetting when entering Archwing in the Plains/Orb Vallis.
Fixed rare errors in UI rendering.
Fixed various issues with the Discord Store launch UI.
Fixed various DirectX 9 rendering issues.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.4
**Date:** 2018-12-19T20:35:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
The 'Fluid Mechanics' ambient music track has been added as a Somachord Tone out in Orb Vallis!

### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.4:
Arch-Gun Ammo pool increased by 2x for all Arch-Guns in Atmosphere mode.
Arch-Gun Deployer cooldown has been reduced to 5 minutes instead of 10.
Fixed the Fluctus' Atmosphere Arch-Gun FX appearing when in a Archwing mission, which was aggressively bright and overwhelming. 
Fixed Clients not hearing the Atmosphere Arch-Gun equip sound.
Fixed missing Fluctus Atmosphere Arch-Gun summon sound.

### Fixes
Fixed discrepancies between the Fortuna Lore Fragments you find vs what is shown in the Codex as reported here For clarity, Lore Fragments will always be picked up in order as to properly guide the narrative. 
More fixes towards inability to capture Corpus Bases in Orb Vallis due to the missing 'Eliminate the Remaining enemies' phase.
Fixed the Mecha Mods not transferring Status Effects that were activated on the killing blow to nearby enemies.
Fixed the Cobra & Crane Elemental FX showing up in the Arsenal when it's dissolved out.
Fixed Fortuna NPC dialog volume levels.
Fixed non-positional Simulor firing sounds. 
Fixed UI button sizes shrinking to the width of their contained text when switching from mouse to controller.
Fixed a script error when casting Titania's Lantern ability.

## Fortuna: Mesa Prime - Hotfix 24.2.3
**Date:** 2018-12-19T15:53:01Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Mesa Prime
Hotfix 24.2.3:
Replaced the Profit-Taker Phase 4 Vaulted Relic reward with a Mesa Prime Relic.
Increased the reward chance of Gyromag, Atmo and Repeller Systems from Profit-Taker Bounties.
Operators can now switch the Profit-Taker's Shield type regardless of the damage type of the equipped Amp.
Lowered spawn chances and max simultaneous counts of Nullifier Shield Ospreys and the Fluctus carrying Terra Manker during the Profit-Taker end fight.
Tweaks towards Eudico's Profit-Taker Bounty transmissions.
Fixed ability to kill the Profit-Taker during Phase 3 of the Profit-Taker Bounty.
Fixed certain Profit-Taker abilities and leg Electricity damaging Limbo when in the Rift.
Fixed missing Transmissions for "Stealing Tech" Profit-Taker Bounty.
Fixed an issue with 'Back Room' holograms not being replicated properly based on Heist phase.
The Bloodshed Sigil will show up in Relays/Liset provided you're returning from a mission where you took damage (more damage = more blood). We have also decreased the time it takes to appear by 20%!
Changed the hit effect sound to the Corpus Exard Scaffold.
Removed the 'Prime Toggle' for Mesa Prime and her TennoGen Skins due to an overly aggressive and not-so-glamorous overlap of her Prime accessories.
Tweaks towards the 'Fluid Mechanics' Orb Vallis ambient music track.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that occurred when switching to your Arch-Gun with a Smeeta Kavat active.
Fixed an issue with Mesa Prime's Shatter Shield being too bright in some levels.
Fixed certain Operator Hoods not hiding Hair/Accessories when 'open'.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you died and revived shortly after casting Baruuk's Lull, resulting in affected enemies being permanently asleep.
Fixed Titania's Tribute not actually costing 25 Energy as was intended in Update 24.2.0.
Fixed inability to bring more than 1 Pheromone Synthesizers. You can now bring up to 100!
Fixed Nightmare Alerts not being called out as such in World State Window.
Fixes towards a bad frozen Raknoid animation.
Fixed the Exergis not actually shattering the crystal.
Fixed missing textures for Operator Hair that include a hair band.
Fixed the camera zooming out when hovering over 'Hair Tips' in the Operator Appearance Arsenal.
Fixed the Adaptation Mod showing a Corrosive Damage Icon instead of the correct Tau Resistance in the HUD.
Fixed missing sounds when typing into search fields.
Fixed missing equip and unequip sounds on the Falcor.
Fixed missing Charged Explosion sounds for the Glaive/Glaive Prime.
Fixed occasional missing reload sounds for the Corinth.
Fixed a script error in the Invite panel screen.
Fixed MOA Companions Security Override Precept not turning off radio towers on the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed Dropship Turrets not firing from alternating barrels.
Fixes towards Host migrations during a mission load causing issues.
Fixed an issue with new hair having collision fixes which could impact performance, but also allow stacking ... which was fun, but sadly had to go.
Fixed every Warframe ability costing 25 Energy in Conclave.

## Fortuna: Mesa Prime - Hotfix 24.2.2
**Date:** 2018-12-18T18:58:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Mesa Prime
Hotfix 24.2.2:
Sanctuary Onslaught
Elite Sanctuary Onslaught (Radiant)
Numerous Endless mission modes
And the list goes on! Check out the official public PC drop tables here.
*Chroma Prime, Gram Prime, and Rubico Prime Relics are also still out in the wild.
Check out Mesa Prime Access for the newest golden Prime Accessories and more:
If you already wield the power of these Primes or have their Relics in your Inventory, they will remain after the Vaulting.
When completing a successful animal Conservation using a Warframe ability, it will yield a 'Good Capture', as opposed to sometimes yielding a 'Perfect Capture'. A successful animal Conservation using the tried-and-true Tranq/Echo-Lure technique was always intended to yield a higher gratitude.
Tonkor Reload Speed increased from 2 seconds to 1.7 seconds
A full outline of the Chat Moderation Responsibilities and Code of Conduct can be viewed here: 
Increased the drop chance of a certain Cosmetic item dropped by the Profit-Taker.
The Profit-Taker now only requires 3 Codex Scans to complete the Codex entry.
Excluded the Profit-Taker from being spawnable in the Simulacrum. 
You can now equip the Fulmination Mod on the Staticor.
Updated Nyx's Mind Control + Psychic Bolts and Titania's Lantern ability descriptions to better reflect their recent ability changes.
Improved numerous ability FX for Profit-Taker.
Improved the Staticor and Simulor FX.
MOA Companion vocals are now muted while in the Arsenal.

### Fixes
Fixed a script error when completing the 'Prove Yourself' Plains Bounty which would prevent new players from earning the Bounty reward.
Fixes towards a script error when voting on a mission.
Fixed inability to edit the Baruuk Mandala Decoration after placing it.
Fixed Corpus Amp Energy FX.
Fixed Baruuk's [PH] NOT EDGY ENOUGH UI text.
Fixed LB on controllers not cycling Loadout Appearances.
Fixed a script error when waypointing Mine deposits.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.1
**Date:** 2018-12-18T15:50:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.2.1:
Removed the dissolve FX when equipping your Atmosphere Arch-Gun.

### Fixes
Fixed some AI spawning issues in the Orb Heist Bounties resulting in certain phases to be unplayable.
Fixed inability to complete Mastery Rank tests (the increased Mastery for K-Drive and Moa-Pets was not being included).
Fixed crashes caused by optimizations that were not compatible in 32-bit Warframe.
Fixed certain language text appearing wonky/distorted.
Fixed incorrect Sugatra offset on the Cobra & Crane.
Fixed a script error when attempting to invite another player.
Fixed a script error when casting Wukong's Iron Jab ability.

## Fortuna: The Profit-Taker - Update 24.2
**Date:** 2018-12-18T13:59:14Z | **Type:** Update
We're back with the last Mainline of 2018
what a year! Mesa Prime and her shiny goodies are still to come, but we're excited to present Fortuna: The Profit-Taker. It goes without saying that Mainline updates bring some unintentional bugs that slip through the pipes. Time to get revenge on all the spiders that have crawled up your leg!
### Additions
The residents of Fortuna may have opened up to you, but there is more story to be told. Venture though the Orb Vallis for Venus Lore Fragments (shaped similarly to Debt Tokens) to piece together the narratives of Eudico, The Business, Smokefinger, Legs, Rude Zuud, Little Duck, and Ticker.
A new Baruuk UI Theme and Stalker UI Theme are now purchasable under Options > Interface > UI Customization. 
In an effort to make Warframe more accessible, non-analog inputs from different devices can now be used together and will be treated the same as when several non-analog inputs from the same device are pressed. 
The Business now offers a Corpus Boot Trophy to really pump up your Orbiter aesthetic.
New Captura Scenes:
FORTUNA SCENE (available from Smokefinger's Offerings in Fortuna)
CETUS SCENE (available from Old Man Suumbaat's Offerings in Cetus)
Syndicate Wall Stencils for your Personal Quarters have been added to each respective Syndicate!
Added the Loc-Pin item to Clan Research! This new Gear item will let you add your own permanent markers to the map in Plains of Eidolon and the Orb Vallis.
Added a "Bonus" reward sound for Vallis/Cetus Bounties and added "Bounty Stage Complete" sound.

### Changes
Fortuna: The Profit-Taker
Update 24.2.0:
We're going to fight a massive, mechanical spider. An Orb Mother, to be precise.
Profit-Taker Bounties must be completed in chronological order first, at which afterwards they can be completed in any order.
As the danger outside grows, so does Little Duck's Titles and Offerings:
Operative
Agent
Hand
Instrument
Shadow
Comparable to the Archwing and K-Drive Launchers, a respective Gear item known as the Archweapon Deployer is required to activate your Atmosphere Arch-Gun. The Archweapon Deployer can be obtained by completing the Orb Heist Phase 3 Bounty.
Atmosphere Arch-Guns consume Ammo as opposed to unlimited Ammo/Battery in Archwing. Specifically new Heavy Ammo Drops which can be found from Corpus enemies in Orb Heist missions. Heavy Ammo Drops also reset the 10 minute cool-down when picked up, or replenish Ammo if needed.
Atmosphere Arch-Gun can be summoned in normal missions with the Archweapon Deployer, but once Ammo has been depleted there is a 10 minute cool-down until you can summon again. The intent here is to allow you moments of beefy damage output, and not become just another Primary/Secondary weapon.
Damage increased from 40 to 50.
Critical Chance increased from 10% to 24%.
Status Chance increased from 5% to 12%.
Magazine size decreased from 250 to 200.
Ammo Capacity set at 400.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Mastery Rank increased from 0 to 1.
Damage increased from 35 to 40
Critical Chance increased from 15% to 40%.
Critical Damage increased from 2x to 2.6x.
Status Chance increased from 10% to 14%.
Ammo Capacity set at 50.
Damage fall off reduced from 100-350 to 60-120.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Mastery Rank increased from 0 to 1.
Damage increased from 60 to 110.
Critical Chance increased from 25% to 28%.
Critical damage increased from 2x to 2.2x.
Status Chance increased from 10% to 14%.
Ammo Capacity set at 256.
Reload speed set at 1.4 seconds.
Mastery Rank increased from 0 to 2.
Damage increased from 200 to 250.
Critical Chance increased from 15% to 22%.
Status Chance increased from 10% to 16%.
Ammo Capacity set at 80.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Projectile width decreased from 30m to 10m.
Mastery Rank from 0 to 3.
Damage increased from 45 to 56.
Critical Chance increased from 10% to 14%.
Status Chance increased from 25% to 30%.
Magazine size decreased from 250 to 240.
Ammo Capacity set at 480.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Damage reduced from 200 to 120.
Critical Chance increased from 5% to 20%.
Critical Damage increased from 2x to 2.2x.
Ammo Capacity set at 240.
Reload speed set at 1.2 seconds.
Mastery Rank from 0 to 4.
Damage increased from 275 to 310.
Magazine size decreased from 60 to 30.
Ammo Capacity set at 90.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Mastery Rank from 0 to 4.
Damage reduced from 1800 to 1200.
Critical Chance increased from 25% to 30%.
Magazine size decreased from 100 to 10.
Ammo Capacity set at 30.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Mastery Rank from 0 to 5.
Damage increased from 40 to 50.
Critical Chance increased from 10% to 28%.
Critical damage increased from 2x to 2.4x.
Status Chance increased from 5% to 12%.
Ammo Capacity set at 600.
Reload speed set at 2 seconds.
Changed Fire Rate from 16.67 base ramping up from 13.33 to 25 Fire Rate over 30 rounds to: 25 base rate ramping up from 13.33 over 30 rounds. Functionally exactly the same as before just the max Fire Rate is now shown in the Arsenal.
New Fortuna Somachord Fragments can also be discovered out in Orb Vallis to bring that chilly vibe into your Orbiter:
Klokkit
Null Unit
We All Lift Together
Cold Tundra
Vapor Trails
Coldwave
Nyx's abilities have received an audio refresh
new sounds have been added to her powers!
Nyx's Passive now causes enemies to miss her more often. 
Nyx's last Passive was to randomly disarm enemies when hit by powers. Since her revisited kit depends on enemies effectively hitting each other, we changed the passive to make Nyx simply harder to hit.
Mind Control has a 4 second wind up at the start where incoming damage will cause the target's damage output to increase. The stronger your weaponry, the deadlier the output of your victim! 
Reminder: All damage inflicted to the target will apply once Nyx deactivates Mind Control, or when the Duration runs out. 
Better 'follow Nyx and attack enemies' AI pass.
Mind Control can now be cast while moving, and no longer halts Nyx in her tracks!
The cast time for Mind Control has been decreased, so you can better use the 4-second window to 'power up' your new minion!
Nyx's passive ability to make enemies miss will be deactivated when she is using Absorb, meaning no shot will be wasted!
No longer deals any damage and will temporarily disable Armor & Shield, slow down Infested units, and disable Ancients' Auras.
Psychic Bolts can be cast once on up to 6 targets. Kill these targets before you can cast again, OR hold '2' to reset targets and cast again!
Absorb damage type is now based on the damage types it absorbs.
Baseline Energy Capacity increased to hit 225 at Max Rank.
Lantern can be cast up to 4 times at once (new targets replace old). Targets will gradually float back to their starting positions. You will be able to 'explode' all targets by holding the Lantern cast.
Razorwing has a 'Vacuum' built in!
Venus Shield Ospreys the spawn Nullifier bubbles only spawn if the Orb Vallis Alert level is 3+ and if the enemy level is 20+. 
Level 2+ Alert level will spawn Shield Ospreys that don't spawn Nullifier bubbles. 
A max of 2 Nullifier bubbles can be created per Drone.
Total active Nullifier bubbles (from all Drones) in the area will not exceed 4
10 bubbles (scaling with player count).
Quick fire area-of-effect returned to 2m as intended.
Charged fire projectile speed increased.
Mag size increased from 45 to 48.
Ammo capacity increased from 270 to 288.
Clip size no longer affects charge time and is now set at 1 sec.
Charged fire now deals self damage.
Reduced the shockwave distortion FX.
Changed from semi auto to automatic.
Added a small amount of recoil for feedback when firing.
now has proper accuracy stats so mods will effect it
Firestorm and Terminal Velocity Mods can now be equipped.
Reduced Aim Zoom from 2.23 to 1.6x.
Damage-over-Time damage is now affected by +damage mods
Updated the overall FX.
Fire Rate increased from 2 to 3.
Ammo capacity increased from 60 to 72.
Clip size decreased from 10 to 8.
Fire Rate increased from 2.67 to 3.33.
Ammo capacity increased from 75 to 96.
Clip size increased from 15 to 16.
Critical Chance increased from 5% to 14%.
Increased lock on angle of sticky beams from 15-30 to 40-60 (first number is angle it can obtain a lock, second number is when beam will lose it's lock).
Increased Mag size from 40 to 60.
Increased Ammo capacity from 200 to 300.
Reduced the delay until you can use primary fire after using it's secondary fire.
Reduced aimed recoil.
Increased the recharge rate of Pax Charge when used with all Chambers apart from Catchmoon.
Pax Soar now also reduces the effect of gravity when firing a Kitgun.
Pax Bolt chance to activate increased from 50% to 100% at max rank.
Splat Loader reload speed increased from 1.9 to 1.7 secs when used with Gaze Chamber.
Killstream Loader status chance increased from 11 to 13% when used with Catchmoon Chamber.
Tombfinger Chamber area-of-effect damage origin now matches point of impact instead of behind it.
One major issue address is the fixing of an issue where almost 50% controller input was required before a hip-fire camera manipulation could be executed. We've decreased coded deadzones to allow for more refined, precise aiming and removed the inherited velocity when shifting directions. Players should now notice an immediate falloff in camera movement once input is no longer applied to the control sticks.
Additionally, we have added a number of mathematical improvements regarding the ramp and acceleration curves used to interpolate control stick input. This should make the camera manipulations feel much smoother and allow for a closer approximation of circular movement, compared to the very 'square' like motions we had previously.
We've also increased the amount of vertical movement seen when manipulating the control stick to reduce the amount of asymmetry between it and horizontal movement. There is still a bias towards the horizontal plane, but moving the camera up/down should not feel so drastically different when now compared to left/right movement.
Fixed Void Mode being toggled/stuck on sometimes due to interaction with the Power Menu on controllers.
Animal Pheromone Synthesizer items have been added to The Business' Offerings! When deployed before using an Echo-Lure, these increase the chance of attracting a Rare variant of the respective animal. 
Increased range of Tranq Rifle pulsing sound from 100m to 180m. 
Fixed the UI breaking and Echo-Lure/Tranq/Mining Lasers not functioning after dismounting a K-Drive.
Fixed having no weapon when getting downed while the Echo-Lure or Tranq is equipped.
Fixed Tranqing an animal during its despawn animation would cause instant disappearance.
Fixed Echo-Lure's not changing pitch for Clients.
Fixed a case of the Echo-Lure UI indicator not matching true pitch of the animal call.
Fixed Conservation UI (and other custom scopes) being disabled when dismounting a K-Drive.
Fixed potential cases of the Conservation start point or the call point spawning too far into the edge of the map, making it unreachable.
Fixed inability to use Warframe abilities after mounting a K-Drive with a Fishing Spear equipped.
Fixed rare case of Orb Vallis Servofish repeatable getting stuck in a specific spot.
Fixed Servofish frequently being worth 0.0 points.
The initial Trading Post screen and Research screen in the Dojo have been reworked to not only be more functional and aesthetically pleasing, but also to match your chosen UI Theme! 
Research in progress now displays contribution progress in the right panel and incomplete material contributions will appear faded.
Hovering over non-Credit Research requirement materials now shows the item info as well as the amount owned.
Changes:
Removed '-50% Magazine Capacity' from the Precision Munitions Mod in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to lift lockdown state and progress in the Grineer Sealab Spy tileset.
Fixed cases of Host Migrations causing the Lua puzzle room rewards to duplicate.
Fixed Host migration resetting the Credit Count in Orb Vallis Assassinate Bounty stages.
Fixed MOA Companions and K-Drives only giving 3000 Mastery as opposed to the correct 6000 Mastery. The missing Mastery will be retroactively added on login.
Fixed Public matchmaking Bounty UI linegring on screen when entering the Orb Vallis.
Fixed non-functional play arrow in mission voting UI when joining a squad with a Bounty already selected.
Fixed no cases spawning during a "Resource Capture" phase of an Orb Vallis Bounty.
Fixed loading into Orb Valis directly from Navigation as a Client resulting in bad performance for the first 20 seconds.
Fixed being able to K-Drive grind on flat-ground (and generally improved grind detection).
Fixed Toroids and Cetus Wisps disappearing over-time if enough other pickups drop.
Fixed getting Transferred back to Operator if your Warframes reaches 2HP, regardless of being invulnerable (Quick Thinking).
Fixed Cautious Shot applying to secondaries even though it's equipped on primaries.
Fixed Corpus Snipers not deploying Ratel spawners.
Fixed The Sergeant and Tia Mayn's cloaking abilities not turning them invisible after first use. In the case of The Sergeant, this would result in him humorously running away after throwing down a smoke bomb while completely visible.
Fixed Arctic Eximus' globe becoming unbreakable if affected by both Limbo's Stasis and Cataclysm until Stasis is removed/expires. 
Fixed poor camera rotation when spectating in Wyrmius.
Fixed ability to install Warframe Mods on a Companion.
Fixed Hydroid/Hydroid Prime's Undertow appearing invisible. 
Fixed Nezha's Firewalker missing its fiery FX. 
Fixed awkward animations playing when certain Arcanes triggered while reloading your weapon. 
Fixed the Terra Embattor MOA mines not working on Clients and now get destroyed when triggered.
Fixed disarmed enemies not counting towards kill count in "Kill Enemy Type" Exterminate Bounty stages.
Fixed Orb Vallis 'Drone Defense' stage enemies sometimes not attacking and also spawning too far away to count towards the objective.
Fixed Infinite use items still displaying as usable in the Gear Spiral after they have been removed from your Inventory. They still occupy a slot, but the icon is darkened and the count now displays 0 instead of infinite.
Fixed Itzal's Blink ability sometimes teleporting you backwards in Archwing Submersible missions.
Fixed the Miter Augment Neutralizing Justice not working on Nullifier Bubbles in Orb Vallis. 
Fixed Mecha Mods sometimes killing players by a radial Electricity Status Effect.
Fixed the Tek Assault VF lingering for Clients if the Host is using the Operator at the moment it is cast. 
Fixed Zephyr's Tornadoes not applying Critical damage from Clients. 
Fixed an issue with the projectiles travel distance that was affecting weapons like the Tonkor that require its bullet to travel a certain distance before they become "armed".
Fixed cases of Companions becoming trapped in the first mission of the Glast Gambit quest.
Fixed Legs' portrait not displaying in his Transmissions. 
Fixed being prompted to purchase more Sentinel Slots if you only have 1 empty when crafting a new MOA Companion at Legs.
Fixes towards enemies getting stuck in crates on the Grineer Earth Defense tileset.
Fixed Coildrives being stopped by Gara's Mass Vitrify. They will now punch a hole through the glass and drive through.
Fixed enemy Coildrives doing ramming damage to the ambushed Coildrive.
Fixed triggering the 'Stealth Kill Affinity Bonus' when destroying parked Coildrives in Orb Vallis.
Fixed an inescapable possessed K-Drive when activating it while 'checking the bodies' during an Orb Vallis Bounty 'Recovery' phase.
Fixed Clients unable to see laser captivity wall in the 'Rescue the Hostages' phase of the 'Courier Ambush' Orb Vallis Bounty. 
Fixed inability to scan the hanging Gorgaricus Sac.
Fixed the Bloodshed Sigil not appearing correctly when viewing it's diorama via Chat link.
Fixed Extraction Marker not showing up for players outside of the Orb Vallis Elevator.
Fixed Kuakas appearing distorted when casting Itzal's Cosmic Crush on it.
Fixed cases where Itzal's Blink can easily break through Plains/Vallis boundaries. 
Fixed cases of enemies becoming stuck while traversing the Grineer Earth tileset.
Fixes cases of enemies becoming stuck while traversing the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed an incorrectly labeled locked door in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed unreachable Crates due to water volumes in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed some doors in Orb Vallis shoving you underground if they happened to close on you.
Fixed Quill Onkko's helmet clipping through his head.
Fixed Valkyr's Kara Helmet appearing stretched/deformed when flying in Archwing.
More fixes towards incorrect Kubrow textures.
Fixed missing Ivara Artemis Bow impact FX.
Fixed incorrect default Energy color on Zephyr Prime's tail feathers as reported here:
Fixed incorrect Arsenal stats when comparing 2 MOA Companions.
Fixed hearing MOA Companion footsteps in the Orbiter regardless of it being in view as reported here: 
Fixed the Mining result display appearing desaturated.
Fixed missing name/quantity in Mining result display if the player has item labels turned off.
Fixed inability to rotate a Companion on the Stasis screen.
Fixed Decorations not rotating properly when using snapping options.
Fixed Ticker's feet having a popping animation.
Fixed the camera not following the MOA Companion's idle animation in the Arsenal.
Fixed permanent looping sound when choosing Daily Tribute reward.
Fixed the Sanctuary Onslaught intro music looping.
Fixed appearing to pick up Credits while K-Driving but no Credits actually being obtained.
Fixed the Orb Vallis terrain sounds sometimes abruptly panning from front to back (in Surround) while K-Driving.
Fixed sometimes not hearing the K-Drive mounting sound.
Fixed Gorgaricus Spore, Mytocardia Spore, Tepa Nodule, Thermal Sludge Containers missing Codex entries. 
Fixed wrong Faction listed in the Codex for the Arbitration Shield Drone. 
Fixed Clients accepting Orbiter invite in high-lag countdown can miss mission load.
Fixed a potential script error related to Corpus Terraformer attacks.
Fixed a Chat softlock when creating a Chat link with a selection tag (e.g. [Riven Mod], [song]).
Fixed Trinity missing her head in the Melee 2.0 Training Codex diorama.
Fixed Grain slider not working in Captura.
Fixed incorrect Lotus transmission after downing the Capture target.
Fixed a script error when casting Mesa's Shooting Gallery ability. 
Fixed a script error when sending a Gift.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.5
**Date:** 2018-12-13T16:57:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.5:
Updated Life Strike, Focused Defense, and Corrupt Charge Mod descriptions to read better.

### Fixes
Fixed Staff and Polearm Zaws not hitting properly with attacks that use the bottom end of the weapon.
Fixed an issue where Power Cell Carriers sometimes took longer than expected to spawn in Venus Excavation missions.
Fixed Host migration in Orb Vallis resulting in the remaining players finding they are missing alert level UI and Reinforcement Beacons self destructing on deployment.
Fixed glitchy/floating K-Drive animations when dismounting/mounting over water/coolant.
Fixed 'Decline All' pending friend requests not working.
Fixes towards Corpus Trenchers/Provisors appearing stuck in midair.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.4
**Date:** 2018-12-10T20:09:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.4:
Updated Arcane Rage description to read "Primary Weapons" instead of "Rifles".

### Fixes
We have fixed an exploit that could only be performed knowingly. Now that the issue is fixed, we will be reviewing our database for extreme offenders and issuing suspensions accordingly.
Fixed an issue where Ivara's Navigator would lock a player if taken control of certain Fishing gear and never let go.
Fixed a '/glitch' in one of Ordis' transmissions during The Jordas Precept.
Fixed some localization consistency.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.3.2
**Date:** 2018-12-06T21:55:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.3.2:

### Fixes
Added a potential fix for crashes on Windows 7 systems without Service Pack 1 or updated BIOS (CPU features are being mis-advertised as available that need SP1 to actually use).
Fixed a soft-lock if you tried to rush a pet's stasis recovery without enough Credits.
Fixed a soft-lock when exercising Focus options in Relays, Simulacrum or Captura.
Fixed a crash that could occur on shutdown.
Fixed missing ground-punch sounds on Atlas' Rumblers
Fixed several random crashes.
Fixed Pet Moa's equipped weapons not gaining shared affinity.
Integrated localization fixes.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.3 + 24.1.3.1
**Date:** 2018-12-05T19:00:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.3:
In-game Kick, Ban, and Spam Flush messages will now be handled as a system notification instead of a private message. We are in the process of reviewing the human element of our in-game chat moderation. You can read the details here:
Improved the accuracy of the in-game FPS counter and made made numerous improvements to the Max Framerate setting as described here:
Made numerous optimizations to enemy/NPC navigation and included additional optimizations for modern CPUs with F16C instructions
Tweaked audio delay to Eudico's Bounty transmission. 
Tweaked audio of Nef's billboard lines. 
Enthrall can now be used while on Ziplines. 
Mining results now use the themed resource icon if available.
Capped Garuda's Dread Mirror and Blood Altar dashes to 150m/s max. No more going going 42km/s anymore.
Fixed Dread Mirror's dash causing players to get stuck. 
Fixed delay between the end of Garuda's Seeking Talons release animation and being able to charge her Dread Mirror.
Fixed a crash while Garuda siphons blood. 
Fixed (maybe) Blood Altar and Dread Mirror falling through the floor. 
Fixed Garuda Dread Mirror failing to cast because of TARGET OBSTRUCTED when the leap into the air would clear whatever obstruction was blocking her. 
Fixed Seeking Talons not being cancelled by Stalker.

### Fixes
Fixed a memory leak in the gear wheel that would degrade performance the more often you used it
Fixed non-energy draining abilities getting canceled when riding vehicles. 
Fixed Kyta Raknoid spin beam removing invulnerability. 
Fixed terrain clipping in Connector 13 of Grineer Settlement tileset.
Fixed some types of camera shake ignoring the view shake option.
Fixed Companions orbiting around you sometimes when you stop moving. 
Fixed rushing forward with zero input when equipping Archwing. 
Fixed enemies having trouble entering cover. 
Fixed certain melee sounds that were playing when using abilities in Operator mode.
Fixed choppy automatic weapon fire sound playback
Fixed Champion of the People challenge not working as advertised.
Fixed Thurible loop sound to stop playing if you get killed while using the ability.
Fixed issue where lures/tranq rifle gear items were getting into bad anim states.
Fixed the Hades Tonfa skin not applying the correct material to the flame.
Fixed Kitguns not creating tracers and other effects after exiting Submersible Archwing.
Fixed the behavior of the Max Framerate setting: when Vertical Sync is enabled the Max Framerate has always been locked to the Refresh Rate and the UI now shows this properly.
Fixed K-Drive GrindSwap trick not triggering when jumping from rail while grinding. 
Fixed a crash that could occur when loading into Orb Vallis. 
Fixed non-EMP fishing spears ignoring the reset condition on the "Catch X fish without missing a throw" riven challenge
Fixed dropship passengers getting frozen mid air. 
Fixed Oxylus Lifeform precept not showing Kubrodon points.
Fixed 'Stay Frosty' Challenge being impossible (edit) inconsistent due to K-Drive height calculations. 
Fixed launcher crashes related to high-resolution displays.
Fixed missing chain dangle on the Hades Tonfa skin.
Fixed missing lightmap info on some cave water planes.
Fixed Cryotra only firing at targets within its firing range.
Fixed a script error that could occur in the Ayatan Treasure screen. 
Fix to Howl and Nekros' Terrify sometimes not making the target run away in the Plains or Vallis. 
Fixed invisible hazard bubbles in Hive missions. 
Fixed a loot crate that was under the floor in Grineer Shipyards tileset. 
Fixed gory nano particle effects not being hidden when gore is disabled.
Fixed a crash that could occur with gore disabled.
Fixed (potentially) crashes on Windows 7 without Service Pack 1. Everyone on the team wants to point out if you are in this scenario, you've resisted updating for almost 7 years. C'mon.
Fixed a crash in the Ambulas fight.
Fixed an issue with the mining laser UI getting stuck on screen if town gates were opening.
Fixed additional crashes.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.2 + 24.1.2.1
**Date:** 2018-11-29T19:46:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.2:
Added an 8 meter area-of-effect stagger when reaching a target with Dread Mirror (not affected by Mods).
Added a small noise movement to the Dread Mirror shield.
Increased enemy insta-kill threshold from 35% to 40% (i.e. enemy is insta-killed if it's below 40% of Health).
Charging Dread Mirror projectile while in the air will let you hover for a few seconds.
Dread Mirror animations play faster with Natural Talent equipped.
Added an 8 meter area-of-effect stagger when impaling an enemy with Blood Altar (not affected by Mods).
Increased Blood Altar heal radius from 6 meters to 8 meters. 
Blood Altar animations play faster with Natural Talent equipped.
Reduced total Seeking Talons charge time by 33%.
Seeking Talons charge now starts faster and slows down as it expands.
Increased minimum Seeking Talons charge size from 15 degrees to 25 degrees.
Reduced maximum Seeking Talons charge size from 120 degrees to 95 degrees.
Charging Seeking Talons while in the air will let you hover for a few seconds.
Charging Seeking Talons now makes a sound cue when fully charged.
Numerous performance optimizations across the entire game! The previous K-Drive performance improvements have also been re-integrated in a more stable state. We've touched upon shaders, particle system, weather, and more!
Servofish parts now display which Servofish they can be Dismantled from!
Increased the Vega Toroid drop rate to bring inline with other Toroids.
Orb Vallis Excavation missions now spawn Excavators that will equally match player count, with the exception of a full squad of 4 players where only 3 Excavators will spawn. 
Improved Bounty boards to gracefully refresh and have next set of Bounties all lined up and ready to go without having awkward downtime of "no bounties available, please check again uhh sometime".
Chat will now autocomplete when attempting to link a Zaw, MOA Companion, K-Drive, and Kitgun.
Updated the Chroma Morkai Skin to appear more leather-like at the creators request.
Updated the Ferita Rapier Skin to allow separate tinting of the blade at the creators request. 
Made a micro optimization for modern operating systems by deleting code that would generally only help on Windows XP in rare cases.
Made some micro optimizations to checking for offscreen-objects.
Optimized Titania's Razorwing ability sound.
Optimized out small frame-time spikes that would occur periodically during gameplay.
Tweaks to improve interpretation of the Corpus hack panel states in Orb Vallis.
Improved the pacing of random enemy encounters and Dropship reinforcements in Orb Vallis.
The Conservation gear when tracking animals now functions similar to the Fishing gear, where tapping the bound key will auto-equip the respective item, instead of having to hold the key and re-select the item. 
Fixed continued issues with hunting footsteps not being visible. This includes a key issue with AMD graphics cards as well as general visibility. 
Echo-Lures no longer need to be equipped in your Gear Spiral, they are auto-equipped in the Conservation gear when a Tranq is equipped.
Increased the fire rate of the Tranq Rifle so that it enters the reload state faster.
Fixed animals sometimes spawning in range and instantly running away.
Fixed animals vanishing too quickly instead of being 'taken away' after being captured in Orb Vallis. 
Fixed not seeing the correct UI text when the Conservation gear is active when using a controller with the default 'classic controls'.
Fixed the controller binding to switch between options in the Conservation gear not functioning. 
We now show the 'Infinity' symbol for Conservation gear, indicating the fact that it is not consumed on use. 
Fixed various poop decals not being correctly hooked up.
Changed Moa Money, Moa Problems challenge to read "Configure" to stay consistent with Legs' prompt.

### Fixes
Fixed a bug where you'd impact so hard with your Archwing in the Plains/Vallis that the game would crash as well. The world is not ready for this hyper-realistic 4D flight simulator.
Fixed Chilling Reload, Streamlined Form, and Drifting Contact missing from Alerts. 
Fixed an issue with the 'Grindy' K-drive trick gathering point when not actually grinding. 
Fixed an issue with Scanners not animating when scanning a target. 
Fixed an ancient issue where high-level bridges could become uncrossable for pets. 
Fixed Resources obtained while K-Driving not actually saving to Inventories. 
Fixed Warframes with Channeling abilities being permanently nullified by Scrambus or Comba enemies when hit by their projection Aura while in Operator mode. 
Fixed inability to Capture a Corpus Base Camp in Orb Vallis due to the Defend timer never ending or the Eximus unit not respawning if the Bounty was previously abandoned. 
Fixed Pax Seeker activating on Warframe Exalted Ability Weapons (i.e. Titania Razorwing, Mesa Regulators).
Fixed Pax Seeker projectiles and Phantasma's Alt Fire ignoring Nullifier bubbles.
Fixed Orb Vallis Recovery Bounty objective timer not resetting if multiple Recovery Bounties are completed in one session.
Fixed the Ambush Coildrive being invincible if the player previously abandoned a Coildrive Defense without hacking it.
Fixed a non-functional Garuda Blood Altar being left behind if used on a detonating Volatile Runner.
Fixed areas where Loki could Switch Teleport out of Orb Vallis.
Fixed Mining in Orb Vallis counting towards the 'Plains Prospector' Challenge.
Fixed the Chroma Morkai Skin not using the correct colour channel on his tail.
Fixed K-Drive custom names not displaying in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed custom MOA Companion names not appearing in mission for Clients.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Chat link a Kitgun with a custom name. 
Fixed knee slide, fall whoosh and foliage velocity sound not being stopped in some cases.
Fixed the Akvasto Prime playing the wrong sound.
Fixed duplicate K-Drive objective marker appearing when replaying the Vox Solaris quest.
Fixed an invisible container mesh near Thursby's spot during Vox Solaris quest. 
Fixed Affinity numbers from enemies not killed by the player not being clamped to the screen and appearing in incorrect places if they died behind the player.
Fixes towards Dropship enemies floating in mid-air. 
Potential fix for script error causing the MOA Companion Anti-Grav Mine Precept to send enemies too high into the sky.
Fixed a script error when switching from Mouse/Keyboard to controller when attempting to purchase an item.
Fixed a script error when viewing a Bounty board with no active Bounties available. 
Fixed a script error when casting Garuda's Dread Mirror. 
Fixed an issue with Nekros's Irkalla Binds not being attached when in Archwing mode. 
Fixed an issue where using the Assimilate Ability Augment on Nyx will deactivate toggle sprint, and force the player to toggle again.
Fixed an issue that allowed the Kyta Arachnoid to be targeted by abilities when Overshields were active. 
Fixed an issue with lockdown alarm lights not shutting off after the Stalker leaves.
Fixed various crashes.
Fixed script error when selecting Khora in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed Orb Vallis map overlapping with Enrichment Labs map.
__________________________________________________
Fixed Bounty UI refreshing/flickering if bounties update while in town. 
Fixed a crash caused by Vacuum pickups. 
Fixed a crash caused by new cloth optimizations.
Fixed a script error that could occur at EoM or when hitting TAB as Operator. 
Fixed Pax Bolt triggering from Primary weapons. 
Fixed a subtle texture error on Floofs. 
Fixed the "MIGRATED" accolade showing on PC (It is planned to show in future console updates on console accounts)

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.1 + 24.1.1.1
**Date:** 2018-11-23T20:52:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This Hotfix includes continued performance optimizations across the whole game -
with some specifics to K-Drive and Texture Streaming (it now reacts more quickly with a lower performance cost).
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.1.1:
Improvements towards the Zamarui Gara Skin glass material to fix brightness/lighting discrepancies. 
Increased frequency of Rare Gems in Smokefinger's Offerings.
Vallis Pigments will now also drop from Elite and Eximus Terra Variants.
Improvements to prevent fish spawning inside solid geometry in caves.
Removed The Business' unnecessary VO of "You need to practice the Echo-Lure more" when the animal escapes.
Fixes towards potential cases where animal tracks don't appear.
More fixes towards an animal appearing to be left behind when two players attempt to collect it at the same time.
Fixed animals potentially spawning way too far away from the call point.
Fixed Kubrow and Kavat Companions sometimes attacking/using abilities on animals.
Fixed some Orb Vallis fungus covering up animal tracks.
Reverted some K-Drive performance improvements in order to fix rampant K-Drive crash as a result. More stable performance improvements will come from further testing.

### Fixes
Fixed a loss of functionality that resulted in a progression stop in The War Within quest.
Fixed inability to Capture a Corpus Camp in Orb Vallis due to no Datamass dropping if the last Bounty stage occurred in that Camp.
Fixed further inability to Capture a Corpus Camp in Orb Vallis due to Datamasses not spawning if an Eximus enemy didn't spawn at the Camp.
Fixed Nekros' Desecrate duplicating Orb Vallis Base Capture Datamasses.
Fixed Client's inability to see the hackable console inside Orb Vallis Caches; which you can initiate to reveal more precise locations of other Caches! This console has an increased chance of appearing the more time passes in the Cache Bounty stage.
Fixed Clients getting booted from a squad if the Bounty is accepted after the Host chooses one.
Fixed all Glaives not bouncing between robotic enemies as reported here: 
Fixed MOA Companions spawning dead in Submersible missions.
Fixed struggles to pick up Ayatan Stars from inside Orb Vallis Caches. 
Fixed cases where destroying a Dropship immediately after spawning in Orb Vallis would result in loot being suspended in the air. 
Fixed all Equinox Skins not displaying correctly when in Archwing.
Fixed floppy cloth on the Equinox Divisa Helmet dangles.
Fixed Ventkid VO appearing outside their clubhouse before Vox Solaris quest completion. 
Fixed missing Golden Maw FX in The War Within quest.
Fixed lingering Bounty objective HUD in Orb Vallis.
Fixes towards Eudico's apron cloth clipping.
Fixed incorrect Sugatra offsets on the Guandao polearm.
Fixed a script error when casting Mag's Magnetize ability.
Fixed Arcane Victory not triggering when using a Primary weapon. 
Fixed Pax Seeker projectiles not showing up for Clients.

## Fortuna: Update 24.1.0 - TennoGen Round 14
**Date:** 2018-11-22T21:50:53Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Fortuna: Update 24.1.0
Tennogen Round 14:
Round 14 introduces a brand-new category: Operator cosmetics! Deck out your Void walker with these custom-made masks and accessories. We've also added eight new Warframe Skins, eight new Weapon Skins and more — all made by our talented Tenno! To find these items, open Warframe through Steam and visit the in-game Market.
Garasu Oculus by ixe and lukinu_uIncognito Oculus by prosetisenLumis Earpiece by lukinu_uZenoriu Mask by led2012 and daemonstarZenoriu Oculus by led2012 and daemonstarZenoriu Earpiece by led2012 and daemonstar
Chroma Morkai Skin by lukinu_uEquinox Divisa Skin by HitsuSan Equinox Megaera Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrusGara Zamariu Skin by led2012 and daemonstarLimbo Graxx Skin by FavenNyx Ascophillia Skin by ErneixTitania Lympharis Skin by lukinu_uZephyr Graxx Skin by Faven
Styx Syandana by malayu, Scharkie, and JadieTenui Syandana by led2012 and Justified114
Loki Lupu Helmet by LuboxNekros Charon Helmet by malayu and Scharkie
Dagger Crubbak Skin by Lubox and ScharkieRapier Ferita Skin by HitsuSan and ReilTonfa Hades Skin by malayu, Scharkie, and JadieGreatsword Ion Skin by Yatus and IgnusDeiGreatsword Karv'r Skin by Faven and ScharkieRapier Ni'Duhl Skin by FavenOpticor Mithra Skin by lukinu_uSword Tengushen Skin by BeastBuster

### Fixes
Fixed Pherliac Pods Components not dropping after killing the Juggernaut.
Fixed Plains Bounties not allowing Cave stages to start if a player is too close, resulting in Bounty failure.
Fixed the Mecha Overdrive Mod not affecting Status Chance in the Arsenal UI stats for Kubrows.
Fixed the Kreska not giving any Clan Affinity after being Researched in the Dojo. This Affinity will magically appear after successfully Researching another item.
Fixed Terra Provisors being able to damage you through Garuda's Dread Mirror.
Fixed the Bounty board reward screen displaying incorrect quantities of certain rewards.
Fixed a game hitch when loading into a Relay/Town as Garuda.
Fixed the Kubrow Dual Stat Mods (Flame Gland, Shock Collar, Frost Jaw and Venom Teeth) not appearing in the Codex nor Chat linkable. 
Fixed Clients not receiving credit towards the Vallis Spelunker Challenge.
Fixed Excavation Power Cell icons displaying outside of the minimap bounds in Orb Vallis. 
Fixed invisible 'steam puzzle' in The War Within quest.
Fixed missing FX when redeeming items (Gems, Toroids, etc) for Standing.
Fixed the Vox Solaris quest prompt briefly appearing after talking to Eudico.
Fixed Eudico's VO resetting in the Vox Solaris quest after choosing 'I need a moment'. 
Fixed doubling sounds when selecting a mission.
Fixed a script error when casting Nidus' Larva ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Excalibur's Radial blind ability. 
Fixed a script error when using an Operator ability.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.10
**Date:** 2018-11-21T21:38:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
This Hotfix includes another round of performance optimizations for everything from the Orb Vallis to Outer Terminus -
we're pulling out all the stops to improve your framerate so please bear with us while we smash!
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.10:
Reduced the Corpus Ospreys dodging frequency.
Updated the Elite Terra Corpus enemy Codex icons.
Revised the Tek Gravity Mod description to read 'Slam Attacks in the Marked Zone pull all enemies within X|m' to better match the Mods functionality.

### Fixes
Fixed crashes in localized versions of Warframe.
Fixed a crash when attempting to create a new room in the Dojo.
Fixed a potential crash related to MOA Companions.
Fixed a crash that could occur when mounting a K-Drive.
Fixed a potential crash after a Host migration during an Archwing Interception mission. 
Fixed Transferring to the Operator before the second phase of the Lephantis boss fight resulting in inability to defeat it.
Fixed Mecha Mods not transferring Damage-over-time Status Effects to other enemies, resulting in no damage dealt.
Fixed Mecha Pulse Mod having lower (incorrect) buff values in-game than what is shown in the Mod/Arsenal UI.
Fixed the Tek Collateral Mod FX not appearing for Clients.
Fixed AI spawn issues in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed Gems/Ores obtained from smashing Orb Vallis crates not actually being collected.
Fixed MOA Companions not being recognized as a Pet for Riven challenges requiring an active Pet.
Fixed the incorrect Foundry rush costs for Cryotra, Tazicor, and Vulcax weapons.
Fixed overly large K-Drive/Dargyn minimap markers.
Fixed Fortuna Gems and Fish icons appearing stretched in the Trading UI.
Fixed a script error when accessing the Arsenal as the Operator in the Simulacrum.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.9
**Date:** 2018-11-21T14:01:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Numerous overall performance improvements with some specific improvements towards Orb Vallis. 
Improved Kubrow and Kavat cold shivers, and they now also shake off accumulated snow when out in the Orb Vallis!
Synth Reflex and Vigilante Pursuit are now Exilus Mods. These Mods currently have similarly functioning Exilus Mods (Streamlined Form and Enemy Sense), therefore utilizing a Mod slot was counter intuitive.
You can now travel to other Relays/Towns when accessing the Star Chart from a Relay/Town.
Increased specific AI spawns the correspond to the given Exterminate Bounty (i.e. more Corpus Drones will spawn when you have a 'Kill 100 Corpus Drones Bounty).
You can no longer do a Cipher hack if a MOA Companion is already working on it.
The following UI screens have received visual changes to better match the chosen Theme:
Cutting Fish Bait (Cetus) or Dismantling Servofish (Fortuna)
Cancelling a Foundry build
Viewing a members Clan contributions in the Clan screen
Harvesting a Resource Drone in the Star Chart
Increased the speed at which MOAs/Kubrows/Kavats attempt to catch up to you from far distances.
Bounty completion UI now indicates that no Standing is gained from completed said Bounty if you are at your daily cap.
Changed the Trail Blazer and Air Time K-Drive Mod images to address
Improved the virtual cursor for controllers to no longer focus on Star Chart nodes when sufficiently zoomed out.
Conservation UI now scales correctly and matches Fishing UI.
Removed Fish spawns from shallow cave puddles. These fish were often uncatchable due to the shallow water/terrain surrounding. 
Fixed a case where the animal capture screen might not open for Clients and the animal doesn't get whisked away.
Fixed ability to Tranq an already-captured animal resulting in obtaining numerous Tags.
Fixed Fishing hotspots not working for Clients in Orb Vallis.
Fixed Fishing Dyes not functioning in several Orb Vallis caves.
Fixed missing Fishing reel-in UI when using a controller set to 'Classic Controls'.
Fixed Clients sometimes not getting the HUD to show up after starting an animal tracking trail.
Fixed incorrect icon displaying in the Conservation HUD when you select a Lure from the main wheel.
Fixed 2 players capturing an animal at the same time resulting in one animal being left behind.
Fixed not all Fish/Servofish being selected when clicking 'Select All' option when cutting Bait or Dismantling.
Fixed a script error that could occur when capturing an animal.

### Fixes
Fixed Syndicate Standing not reducing when a Syndicate Title (OUTCAST, BRAVE, VALIANT, etc) changed in the negative direction. A fix for this was also hotdropped on Friday to predominantly fix Ventkids Standing from reducing, but required a bit more backend work.
Fixed Ash's Fatal Teleport Augment Mod not functioning on the Plains of Eidolon or in Orb Vallis.
Fixed Arbitration Warframe Mods being usable in Archwing missions.
Fixed multiple Warframe abilities (Nidus' Larva, Vauban's Vortex, etc) breaking due to a script error occurring when an AI recovered from a ragdolled state as reported here:
Fixed Garuda's Dread Mirror blood projectile damage indicator disappearing if the player Transfers to Operator and back.
Fixed Garuda's Dread Mirror blood projectile outright killing Vomvalysts, as opposed to creating a "ghost" on death.
Fixed certain MOA Companion parts not turning invisible when cloaked with a Warframe ability (i.e. Loki's Invisibility, Ash's Smokescreen, etc). 
Fixed Garuda's Seeking Talons HUD indicator being incorrectly affected by HUD Scale.
Fixed Kavat Roar & Kubrow Howl Precepts not creating FX on Clients unless they were the second Precept equipped.
Fixed the chosen Focus school not transferring over when pressing the 'Copy From' button in the Arsenal Loadout options. 
Fixed the Gear Spiral sometimes not letting you equip more than one item in the same group (i.e. multiple Dragon Keys, etc).
Fixed Cetus and Fortuna vendors first encounter VO replaying when logging into a different location. This fix is not retroactive however, meaning you'll have to re-watch one more time if you switch between computer locations.
Fixed the Mining Ore/Gem success box UI being offset after your first successful mine.
Fixed Boosters obtained from Rare Crates having redundant time value text (i.e. 30 x 30 MINUTES AFFINITY BOOSTER).
Fixed unnecessary quantity text in Bounty rewards UI (i.e. 100 x RUBEDO x 300).
Fixed inconsistent snowing weather when entering Orb Vallis from Orbiter vs Fortuna. 
Fixed the Options menu becoming unresponsive when using a controller.
Fixed overlapping UI menus when opening the controller customization screen while in Operator mode.
Fixed misaligned Fortuna 'stock scroll' in opening cinematic on ultra-wide aspect ratio screens.
Fixed ability to invite other players to a Mastery Rank Up Test. 
Fixed Scanners scanning FX being overly bright.
Fixed Corpus Ospreys moving extremely quickly towards the ground sometimes after having been launched from the Dropship.
Fixed incorrect Dropship drop-off animation height.
Fixed overlapping 'CASES CAPTURED' and 'CASES LOST' UI text during Orb Vallis Capture Bounty.
Fixed a few Weapon Skins that were overriding the base weapon sounds when equipped.
Fixed incorrect reload sounds when using Perla Skins on single and dual wield secondary weapons.
Fixed Life Support pick up sounds in Survival missions not playing.
Fixed some lighting issues in the Orb Vallis Construction Site.
Fixed wonky camera placement when talking to Baro on the Strata Relay. 
Fixed ability to add more lines of text than the Clan MOTD box can visually hold or display. 
Fixed capitalization not being applied to Corpus faction name when choosing a Crossfire mission.
Fixed the DE credit easter egg in Fortuna only being viewable once per session. 
Fixed a script error when casting Garuda's Blood Altar ability.
Fixed a crash related to the minimap. 
Fixed a potential 'Out of Memory' crash.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.8
**Date:** 2018-11-15T22:34:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.8:
Optimized K-Drive FX performance for lower performing machines. 
Certain hidden Caches in Orb Vallis now have their own custom sound.
Tweaked Khora's Accumulating Whipclaw Augment sounds.
Fixed a Dx9 crash when accessing Navigation.
Fixed the transmission playing for the start of a second Orb Vallis Bounty but the first objective never appearing after a Host migration occurs.
Fixed Bounty progression indicator not persisting throughout successfully completed Bounty missions.
Fixed Operator being invisible when selecting Focus from the Arsenal when used as the Operator.
Fixed script errors on the Daily Tribute screen.
Fixed a script error related to Khora's Venari.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.7
**Date:** 2018-11-15T20:08:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.7:
Keep your pets warm, Tenno. They may react differently now to the cold snow of the Orb Vallis...
MOA Companions now have a custom warp teleport FX/sound when teleporting closer to you.
Reduced the amount of Terra enemies spawning in the last mission of the Vox Solaris quest to balance difficulty.
Improved water rippled textures and FX when firing into it.
Optimized numerous materials used in Fortuna and the Orb Vallis for better performance when Anisotropic Filtering is enabled.
Made some micro-optimizations to visibility culling.
Made a tiny optimization to UI text layout.
Made a small optimization to Orb Vallis Ambush Bounties. 
Reverted the Sky Archwing sprint changes from Hotfix 24.0.4 to return it back to the way it was.
Changed the Bounty reward HUD title to display the Bounty title instead of the redundant 'BOUNTY REWARD'.
Changed the Sapcaddy Bait to the intended Mirewinder Bait. Broad-Spectrum Bait is your desired Sapcaddy cocktail.
Animals that wake up from their invulnerable sleep due to certain Warframe Abilities will become vulnerable once again. Timing and speed is your best bet for that Perfect Capture!
Fixed a captured animals age sometimes showing as '4 years 12 months'.
Fixed a script error that could occur when capturing an animal in Orb Vallis.
There will now always be 3 Common, 1 Uncommon, and 1 Rare Case# available at any given time.
Increased the rate at which Ticker's Case# inventory refreshes by reducing the duration they persist for.

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash when transitioning from Cetus/Fortuna to Plains/Vallis. 
Fixed ability for Clients to pick up multiple of the same Toroid. 
Fixed not receiving Standing for completing Bounties given by Captured base Field Agents in Orb Vallis.
Fixed immediately failing the Drone Defense Bonus condition due to certain Status Effects applying to the Drone in Orb Vallis.
Fixed the Fetch Mod not functioning for a Client Venari. 
Fixed KitGuns not applying negative damage modifiers for projectile based Chambers and Zaws not applying negative damage modifiers to projectiles launched from the Exodia Contagion Arcane.
Fixed Terra enemies creating invisible/invulnerable Reinforcement Beacons when killed mid-Beacon deploy in Orb Vallis.
Fixed Submersible Archwing disabling Garuda's Talons.
Fixed Garuda's Talons not distinguishing the Stance slot when Polarizing/swapping.
Fixed MOA Companions sometimes not responding after using the Security Override Mod.
Fixed a visual error where Standing appeared to not be deducted when Gilding a Kitgun. 
Fixed inability to equip Dual-Sword Stance Mods on the Dark Split-Sword as reported here: .
Fixed Resources displaying as 0 in the Clan Vault.
Fixed inability to set any Dojo Hall as a spawn point.
Fixed bad rotation on the Custom Obstacle Course start trigger in the Dojo.
Fixed the MOA Companion trying to shoot at non-visible targets.
Fixed the MOA Companion Security Override Precept (Oloro Model) not functioning sometimes.
Fixed the MOA Companion Tractor Beam Precept (Oloro Model) not alarming enemies.
Fixed ability to run around underwater after ragdolling off a K-Drive into it in the Orb Vallis.
Fixed Garuda's Dread Mirror not functioning properly when using a controller with activate selected power button or "classic controls".
Fixed numerous Defense tilesets breaking.
Fixed Relic drop locations displayed in the Codex only displaying one Bounty source when they actually drop from both Cetus and Fortuna Bounties.
Fixed the Orb Vallis Resource Capture mission progress UI breaking when Transferring from Operator to Warframe.
Fixed Reinforcement Beacon Health bars not indicating Health correctly for Clients in Orb Vallis.
Fixed Archwing End of Mission progress not displaying after buying or building a K-Drive.
Fixed Scanners becoming 'stuck on' if you melee while Scanning (i.e. it would go back to aiming after the melee attack even if you're not holding fire).
Fixed lighting issues in the Spaceport in the Orb Vallis. 
Fixed falling loop whooshes persisting permanently after a Host migration.
Fixed sound not playing when hovering over Daily Tribute reward item.
Fixed permanent looping sound when choosing a Daily Tribute reward.
Fixed "COPY MAIN COLORS" for Attachments when using Garuda and having a normal Melee weapon equipped filling the first three color slots as grey.
Fixed a placeholder text displaying beside item info popups for Reusable Blueprints. 
Fixed a script error when the Rescue Target bleeds out.
Fixed a script error when casting Garuda's Blood Altar ability. 
Fixed a script error when upgrading a Mod.
Fixed a script error when viewing the Appearance tab in the Arsenal.
Fixed a Daily Tribute script error.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.6
**Date:** 2018-11-13T18:58:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.6:
Nova Prime, Mag Prime, Soma Prime, Boar Prime, Dakra Prime, and Vasto Prime Relics have been added to Plains of Eidolon Bounties, Orb Vallis Bounties, and in the Void drop table.
Added an activation 'hack success' sound to the Orb Vallis Coildrive Ambush encounter missions. 
Sound polish towards Raknoid ability sounds.
Sound tweaks to the Venus Terra Drone rocket ability.
Tweaks and polish to Bounty transmission timing for Eudico.
Broad Spectrum Bait description updated to reflect its use to attract Sapcaddies, Tinks, Eye-Eyes and Brickies.

### Fixes
Fixed a potential crash when entering Cetus or Fortuna.
Fixed the Ogris' Nightwatch Napalm Mod only doing damage in the 4.5% explosion area (top of the projectile) instead of the intended 90% explosion area (at max rank).
Fixed Bounty "more info" screen having text boxes that are too short and wrapping text, causing text overlap.
Fixed FX Energy colors on the Spritsail Prime Armor.

## Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.5
**Date:** 2018-11-12T23:54:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fortuna: Hotfix 24.0.5:
Reduced the Fieldron crafting requirements for the Kreska, Ocucor, and Battacor from 20 to 10.
A script is in the works and will be run tomorrow to refund Fieldron to those who have already crafted
we will update you in this thread when the script has completed.
Added strokes to Mining laser HUD components based on Forum request for improved visibility.
Tweaked some plants in the Orb Vallis to improve quality.
The Eye-Eye now shows up during warm temperature only instead of cool temperature in Orb Vallis.
Recaster Bait is now correctly labeled as Longwinder Bait.
Narrow-Spectrum Bait was incorrectly described as attracting Tinks and Brickies (they are common fish and only require Broad-Spectrum Bait; Narrow-Spectrum Bait attracts Recasters and Eye-Eyes).

### Fixes
Fixed a crash related to Chat linking.
Fixed the Fetch mod causing other Companion Mods to not function (specific to Kavats and Kubrows).
Fixed inability to spawn any vehicle while somebody is standing in the Fortuna elevator.
Fixed being able to accept Bounties while replaying the Vox Solaris quest.
Fixed loadout summary showing gear unranked if examined while in Operator mode.
Fixed the War Within Operator ability prompts when switching between keyboard/mouse and controller inputs
Fixed public matchmaking bounty UI remaining on screen when entering the Orb Vallis
Fixed incorrect pond coolant material in Orb Vallis which resulted in inability to fish in that coolant.
Fixed Profile stats summary page being cut off on the bottom.
Fixed Daily Tribute tooltips for certain items (e.g. Oxium, Cryotic) displaying incorrect counts.
Fixed overlapping UI when attempting to Dissolve a Riven Mod.
Integrated localized translations and layout fixes.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.4.2
**Date:** 2018-08-17T20:08:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.4.2:
Fixed the Phahd Scaffold projectiles not passing through Volt's Electric Shield.
Fixed the projectile only bouncing 3 times for the Host and 20 for Clients by adjusting to 10 max bounces for both Hosts and Clients.
Fixed receiving an unintended boost to Damage, Crit Chance, Crit Damage and Status Chance. Adjusted to its intended (Gilded) stats of:
3000 Damage on Impact
5 meter 3100 radial Damage with no fall off on detonation/last bounce
Knock Down added to radial Damage
12% Status Chance
34% Critical Chance
2.6x Critical Damage
As previously stated in 23.4.1, we have changed the Spawn chances of Cephalon Fragments if you don't have your Personal Quarters unlocked, to a 100% chance of a Cephalon Fragment spawning, instead of 50/50.
The Frame Fighter Warframe select screen now displays all Warframes, with the unscanned ones locked and with the addition of hints on which planet you can find the Fragments on. 
Excalibur Umbra no longer requires a Fragment Scan to unlock for Frame Fighter. He will be available upon completing The Sacrifice quest.
Improvements towards the Ki'Teer Sekhara being placed at your feet when equipping it.
Still working on other wonky issues with placement.

### Fixes
More fixes towards numerous issues (crashes, game didn't start, etc) when attempting to play Frame Fighter due to the 2-player restriction being surpassed. 
Fixed sometimes not being able to Gild your Mote Amp.
Fixed Inner Gaze (Madurai) appling an added bonus and not a percentage bonus like it details in the description.
Fixed the Dax Nikana Skin not properly applying the chosen Energy color.
Fixed inability to select Maple Trees to contribute/delete/move once placed in the Dojo.
Fixed wrong icon being used on the Frame Fighter Poster.
Fixed volume being too low on Shield and Health bullet impacts.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.4.1
**Date:** 2018-08-16T23:40:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Update 23.4.0
**Date:** 2018-08-16T21:06:52Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a HUD Damage indicator for Gara's Splinter Storm ability.
Added a directional arrow Decoration for the Dojo Obstacle Course Architect!

### Changes
The Sacrifice: Update 23.4.0:
Inspired by classic fighting games and long-time Warframe Fan LocoCrazy_, this arcade fighter will transform your Orbiter into a battleground! No quarters required!
Visit Simaris and acquire the Ludoplex -
a new home for all of Warframe's minigames -
through Standing. Choose from Excalibur, Volt and Mag, each with their unique Ability. Unlock additional Frame Fighter Warframes by discovering Fragments throughout the Solar Chart. If the scanned Warframe's Prime is in your Inventory, you can toggle to the Prime version of the acquired character
custom Fashion Frame applied as well!
Additionally, blast enemies in the side-scrolling 'Wyrmius' minigame, and flap your way through obstacles with the 'Happy Zephyr' minigame, both available through Simaris.
Asteroid Rock Wall
Waterfall (Gentle) 
Ice Stalactite
Spinklat Plant
And so much more!
Mote Amp:
Converted to reflect the Beam behavior changes introduced earlier in the year
Damage increased slightly as part of the conversion
Added +10 meter Range when Gilded
Raplak Prism:
Damage increased from 1000 to 3000
Critical Chance increased from 30 to 38%
Critical Damage increased from 2.2 to 2.6x
Fire Rate decreased from 5.42 to 2
Granmu Prism:
Radial Damage increased from 1000 to 1400
Radial size increased from 3 meters to 3.5 meters
Direct Impact Damage decreased from 1200 to 1000
Pencha Scaffold:
Added a 2 meter Punch Through
Klebrik Scaffold:
Converted to reflect the Beam behavior changes introduced earlier in the year
Damage increased slightly as part of the conversion
Optimized the Chesa Retrieve Precept to reduce significant frame-rate micro-stutters.
Made some micro-optimizations to the Helminth Charger Proboscis Precept.
Made some micro-optimizations to the Helminth Charger Trample and Huras Hunt Precepts.
Made some micro-optimizations to the Sahasa Kubrow Dig Precept.
A select sound will play when using middle click selection in the Inventory screen.
Reduced the damage of Vauban's Tesla in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed presence and matchmaking problems that could occur in some cases if you relogged promptly after a crash or network outage.
Fixed cases of enemies not spawning after destroying an Antiserum Injector console in an Infested Salvage mission.
Fixed a scenario where Clients were unable to return to the Liset with their squad.
Fixed the Opticor occasionally damaging a single enemy multiple times.
Fixed Kuva Siphons disappearing when you get in close proximity.
Fixed dead enemy corpses sometimes appearing as giant black squares.

Fixed some enemies walking slower than intended.
Fixed numerous Syandanas appearing to float or twist when equipped.
Fixed certain Warframe Energy color customizing not reflecting change very well in the Arsenal.
Fixed sometimes getting an incorrect Lotus transmissions when playing a Kuva Siphon mission.
Fixed Grineer textures popping out of view in cinematics.
Fixed Grineer Dropships not having their escape FX.
Fixed numerous broken lighting textures in the Infested Corpus Ship tileset. 
Fixed the Wyrmius start screen having visible edges due to menu scaling and appearing stretched because of the aspect ratio.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.3.2
**Date:** 2018-08-13T15:10:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
We're working on a script to give the intended 7 Day Resource, Drop Chance, Affinity, and Credit Booster to those who purchased the Shock Absorber Pinnacle Pack on Steam. We apologize for the mix up and hope you enjoy your additional Boosters! We will update this thread when the script is complete.
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.3.2:
Increased the scale of Vauban's Mortier Heavy Blade Skin!

### Fixes
Fixed seeing double Operators in the final cinematic of The Sacrifice.
Fixed the Mortier Heavy Blade Skin sometimes appearing distorted in the Arsenal.
Fixed join-in-progress Clients seeing previously dead enemies standing up.
Fixed Vomvalysts facing the move direction instead of target during combat.
Fixed using the Helminth chair not aligning the camera at the start of the animation. 
Fixed Vauban's Citadel Skin Channeling FX covering his whole body.
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse ability causing some Syandanas (eg. Repala, Vasa, etc.) to change colour to match her Warframe Energy.
Fixed a blocky volumetric light during a cinematic in The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed Nekros' Shadow of the Dead Infested Brood Mothers producing looping/stacking maggot sound effects.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.3.1
**Date:** 2018-08-09T20:52:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.3.1:

## The Sacrifice: Update 23.3.0 + 23.3.0.1
**Date:** 2018-08-09T15:46:06Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Update 23.3.0:
Vauban's Passive has changed! Vauban's new passive: "Deal 25% extra damage to incapacitated enemies". 
Whether by Vauban's own CC'ing abilities, or the abilities of others, Vauban can amplify his damage against the incapacitated! 
Tesla is now 'held to charge' for increased Damage & Status Chance.
Increased the particle FX size for a fully charged Tesla.
Repelling Bastille Augment now pushes additional enemies outwards every 4s. 
Fixed some particles on the projectile not using Energy colors for Clients.
Empty Inventory Slots now appear with an 'Empty Slot' UI text for better recognition.
Increased the gain on the 'Your Creator' Somachord tune.

### Fixes
Fixed players not receiving their Steam Pinnacle Pack goods as reported here:
Fixed inability to open the pause menu after viewing certain cinematic scenes during The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed Drop Ships in the Plains sometimes carrying the Sabotage Beacon.
Fixed Clients not getting credit for completing Jordas Golem Assassinate and Mutalist Alad V Assassinate missions.
Fixed a large hitch each time you click Randomize under the loadout button in the Arsenal.
Fixed not being able to donate the Mote Amp if you have multiple.
Fixed Itzal Fighter Escort drones pausing if you get too far away from them.
Fixed "Falcon" Operator voice missing dialog during first mission in The Sacrifice quest
Fixed Kraken sounds not being muffled correctly during stealth effects.
Fixed Drop Ships not playing incoming sound.
Fixed Warframes playing the currently equipped Focus school idle animation instead of their standard Warframe idle animation when loading into the Plains.
Fixed a script error when entering Operator Void Mode.
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Rhino Stomp ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Ivara's Prowl ability.
Fixed Vauban Prime missing his new Passive description.
Fixed FOR REAL players not receiving their Steam Pinnacle Pack goods as reported here:

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.2.1
**Date:** 2018-08-03T15:18:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Update 23.2.0
**Date:** 2018-08-02T15:02:26Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Keep an eye out for our TennoCon 2018 Legendary and Make-A-Wish custom Glyphs that will be sported by their respective Tenno!
Primed Quickdraw is now Tradeable. 
We're aware and investigating why it does not show up in the Codex when owned.
Updated the 'High Contrast UI Theme' based on feedback in an effort to better aid colourblind Tenno as seen here:
Pressing 'Enter' when typing in the Chat window with a game invite open will now prioritize the Chat window over the game invite. This also applies when viewing the Market while typing in Chat.
Weapons displayed on Hok's Entitlement screen now show more information (Mastery Rank, Forma count, etc) to better reflect which weapon in your Inventory you're Entitling. 
Personal Platinum and Credit values now appear in the Arsenal UI when in Cetus or a Relay.

### Fixes
Fixed inability to place Komi stones in The Sacrifice quest if Jump and Move Up/Afterburner are bound to a different button when using a controller.
Fixed missing quick button for Invite (RT) at the bottom right of the Navigation screen when using a controller.
Fixed certain Chat options being off screen if Chat is moved to the far right (Emoji list, etc) when using a controller.
Fixed selecting to view a Profile and then immediately backing out resulting in some UI elements disabling when using a controller. 
Fixed opening the Lens selection window in Archwing mode resulting in your Archwing weapon appearing to pierce through the UI when using a controller. 
Fixed the D-Pad not lining up correctly after changing Menu Scale when using a controller.
Fixed having to move the virtual cursor on the purchase button to make a purchase on certain Market Bundles, instead of being able to press A anywhere when using a controller.
Fixed shared Affinity not properly spreading between all equipment, specifically when an Exalted weapon is active.
Fixed abilities being permanently blocked (until death) in Sanctuary Onslaught if you enter a portal as Operator but Transfer back to Warframe right before the fade/teleport starts.
Fixed Fishing breaking when switching Spears if you have no Bait or Dye.
Fixed numerous missing Whip (Mios, Lacera, etc) animations as reported here:
Fixed equipping Vicious Frost on the Orvius reducing the Cold Damage instead of increasing. 
Fixed Mod sets (Umbral, etc) not updating all values when equipping/unequipping Mods.
Fixed sometimes spawning in a mystical grey box room that you totally weren't meant to see during some certain missions in The Sacrifice quest.
Fixed Umbra sometimes falling out of the level due to not teleporting to safety when using Transference.
Fixed Nyx Mind Controlled Shield Ospreys spawned from Corpus Tech and Attack Drones spawned from Fusion Moas not being friendly.
Fixed numerous situations (casting Harrow's Thurible, casting Mesa's Peacemaker, etc) deactivating 'Toggle Sprint'. 
Fixed sometimes becoming disarmed of all weapons in the Simulacrum.
Fixed the Tether Grenades Mod distorting the look of grenades. 
Fixed inability to colour some lines on the Spektaka Liset Skin. 
Fixed Old Man Suumbaat Decorations appearing too close in the Market diorama.
Fixed Warframe Helmet selection UI indicating you do not own the Warframe they are for when trading it in Maroo's Bazaar. 
Fixed inability to select/move Dojo Decorations that are perfectly embedded in the floor as reported here:
Fixed selecting Equip/Upgrade/Appearance on a claw weapon with the Deimos Claw Skin equipped resulting in the weapon oddly rotating.
Fixed Rhino's Roar FX appearing on Nidus Phryke's invisible armor (no stacks).
Fixed the Nossos Syandana being offset on Hydroid.
Fixed the Little Helper Hat not sitting correctly when equipped on the Helminth Charger Metus Kubrow Skin. 
Fixed the Metus Kubrow Armor clipping on Kubrow butts.
Fixed Kavats spawning inside the railing and twitching when loading into the Corpus Ship Freight Captura Scene.
Fixed the Ki'Teer Sekhara appearing dim and scaling incorrectly when in Archwing as reported here:
Fixed Ordis saying idle VO lines during Vor's Prize.
Fixed viewing the Penta in the marketplace (specifically the Penta Shock-Camo Skin) resulting in the ammo in the gun taking a second to load upon viewing it everytime.
Fixed inability to rotate Dioramas while in the Arsenal.
Fixed Platinum prices appearing when hovering over a Dojo Decoration in the 'Place Decorations Menu'.
Fixed some parts of Icarius Syandana disappearing if observed at certain angle.
Fixed zooming in on an Operator Focus tree too quickly resulting in one of the Focus tree schools will be missing. 
Fixed choosing to skip the Relay fly-in cinematic resulting in your Landing Craft not docking correctly. 
Fixed door materials clipping in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed wonky door holograms being offset in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed getting stuck in a small pile of debris on the Infested Corpus tileset.
Fixed missing Lotus VO in sections of Vor's Prize quest. 
Fixed some accented letters in Chat appearing as *.
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Rhino Stomp ability.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.1.3
**Date:** 2018-07-26T21:04:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Prime Vault Hotfix 23.1.2!
**Date:** 2018-07-24T17:56:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Fixed an issue where the Simulacrum 'kill enemies' command is unavailable on controllers.
Fixed an issue with being unable to use the D-pad on setting sliders.
Fixed an issue with the virtual cursor being unable to select chat links unless you move the cursor off and on again.
Fixed being unable to put items on your Wishlist in the Market when playing with a controller.
Fixed being unable to move cursors up to equip landing craft with the D-pad.
Fixed an issue where you could not purchase an item with the cursor on the purchase button.
Fixed being unable to select and begin the advanced movement tutorial with a Controller.
Sortie Interception missions now only require 2 rounds instead of 3.
Adjusted the extreme color corrections on the Corpus Outpost.
Optimized performance of many companion precepts.
Kavats are now included in the description for DNA Stabilizers in the market.

### Fixes
Nyx Prime and Rhino Prime are back!
For the first time ever, the hypnotic Nyx Prime is leaving the Vault! Charging out beside her is Rhino Prime along with other high-demand Vaulted Prime Accessories, Prime Weapons and discounted Platinum.
Thanks to your feedback, this is also the first time we're offering separate Prime Accessory Packs!
BRAINS AND BRAWN DUAL PRIME PACK FEATURES:
1200 Platinum
Nyx Prime
Rhino Prime
Boltor Prime
Hikou Prime
Ankyros Prime
Scindo Prime
Targis Prime Armor Set
Noru Syandana Prime
Vala Sugatra Prime
Distilling Extractor Prime + Blueprint
Prime Glyphs
NYX PRIME PACK FEATURES:
400 Platinum
Nyx Prime
Hikou Prime
Scindo Prime
Targis Prime Armor Set
Vala Sugatra Prime
Prime Glyphs/Profile Icons
BRUTE PRIME PACK FEATURES:
400 Platinum
Rhino Prime
Boltor Prime
Ankyros Prime
Distilling Extractor Prime + BP
Noru Syandana Prime
Prime Glyphs/Profile Icons
NYX PRIME ACCESSORY PACK FEATURES:
200 Platinum
Targis Prime Armor Set
Vala Sugatra Prime
RHINO PRIME ACCESSORY PACK FEATURES:
200 Platinum
Noru Syandana Prime
Distilling Extractor Prime + Blueprint
Visit www.warframe.com to pick up these Prime Vault Packs before the Vault closes!All Relics can be found in the Void region while the Prime Vault is open!
Fixed scanning with the Operator not counting toward any progress for Daily Targets or otherwise.
Fixed previewing Nakak's masks causing player's hood open/close customization to be forced to closed.
Fixed issues with layering in the Captura scene selection.
Fixed being unable to customize Ivara's Artemis Bow's Arrows.
Fixed an issue with the Inventory UI not showing the Argon Crystal decay timer.
Fixed an issue where clients reviving before the 'mission complete' end-cinematic can lead to a loss of functionality for the host.
Fixed an issue with Glyphs changing their texture scale after reloading.
Fixed Operators not being able to use the Synthesis Scanner without a Sol Battery Widget.
Fixed The Sacrifice Somachord fragment unlocks being in random order, which could result in fragments not spawning, or spawning when they shouldn't.
Fixed Spearfishing bait and dyes not floating in ponds or the ocean after a host migration.
Fixed Umbra losing Armor in Infested Salvage missions when he shouldn't.
Fixed level issues in the Sealab tileset.
Fixed level issues in the Europa tileset.
Fixed an issue where you could soft-lock the game in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue with some TennoGen Round 13 Syandana Offsets.
Fixed an issue with the leaderboard not appearing in the custom obstacle course room for clients.
Fixed an issue with some decoration's rotation cylinder being too large.
Fixed the Vala Sugatra Prime having untintable gold, it is now tintable!
Fixed an issue with the camera getting detached from players when summoning an Archwing in the Plains.
Fixed a visual bug with Standing when viewing progress as per:
Fixed Prisma Shade removing cosmetics as per:
Fixed audio crackling when firing the Baza with Ivara's Prowl ability.
Fixed an issue with the Scourge's throw sounds playing when Modding.
Fixed an issue with negative crit Rivens leading to increased critical chance as per
Fixed an issue where the Stalker could get stuck in walls in certain levels.
Fixed an issue where Melee sorting by 'Usage' for Zaws wasn't reflecting profile stats.
Fixed an issue where some Eximus enemies appear pitch black.
Fixed an issue where you may not be able to use fishing gear after the first toss.
Fixed an issue where some pressure plates do not function in the Void.
Fixed multiple issues with flickering objects across multiple levels.
Fixed an issue where the ice bubble created by Arctic Eximus does not match the visual effect.
Fixed the Celestia Syandana not having energy when previewed.
Fixed a visual bug with the Tysis' dangles getting tangled.
Fixed multiple issues with improper FX and models in the Codex Dioramas.
Fixed the Dual Dagger Should Holster market item not having a proper preview.
Fixed being unable to Gift UI themes that you have purchased.
Fixed being unable to see your Platinum total in Darvo's Market in the Relay.
Fixed an issue with squadmates disappearing in the Simulacrum when accessing the Terminal.
Fixed Operator Void Blast not respecting energy colour.
Fixed an issue with the Life-Support VFX not disappearing in Survival Missions.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.1.1
**Date:** 2018-07-19T20:31:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
For those that purchased the Despot Cape Syandana but received the Excalibur Ronin Skin, please make a billing support ticket and they will fix you right up.
### Additions
Added Experimental IPv6 Support to Chat Settings.
Added an 'open wing' animation to the Icarius Syandana!

### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.1.1:
Moved the new sexy TennoGen to the top of the in-game Market when launching with Steam.
Tweaked the Rhino Graxx Skin to more accurately match the Steam Workshop images.
Removed the Oberon Blade of the Lotus Shoulder Armor being equippable even without purchasing the Skin.
Corrected the Ogun Hammer Skin to the proper rotation on some weapons and overridden with the proper material on Syndicate weapons.
Fixed the Sildarg Syandana cloth materials clipping through it's Syandana sword.
'Damaged Mods' are hereby called 'Flawed Mods' now. Welcome to a new era. 
Items/resources dropped by Sentient in The Sacrifice quest have been removed. This follows precedent with other Sentient spawning related quests.
Cetus Star Chart node will now always glow blue until the player has completed their first Bounty.
Corrected an issue which caused particle systems to create excessive collision effects.
Removed the lore/Somachord Fragments spawning in the last mission of The Sacrifice quest. As you probably know, the pacing of that last mission doesn't really warrant a Fragment search!
All Mandachord songs (other than the default song) will now appear in the Somachord, between the unlocked tracks and the locked tracks.
Each song will play for 10 loops = 80 seconds.
Added per-song autoplay toggle to the Somachord.
Right clicking a song will toggle eligibility for autoplay (or right trigger for controllers).
Songs with autoplay disabled can still be played manually, and through the historical prev/next song toggles (going backwards always plays the previously played songs, and going forward after doing that will do the same until a new song is selected).
Mandachord tunes now duck out other music in the Market and Star Chart.

### Fixes
Fixed navigation logic that can cause the cursor to skip elements in diegetic screens, such as pressing UP while in the Inbox navigating to the squad overlay instead of the above Inbox message.
Fixed the Search window remaining active after backing out of the Arsenal Equip screen with the DPad.
Fixed virtual cursor not saving its position when browsing between 'Browse Wares' and 'Today's Special' for Cetus vendors.
Fixed virtual cursor warping when the mouse is moved after Alt Tabbing and moving the mouse outside game focus. 
Fixed inability to select a tab for the first time if the virtual cursor is already on one when first opening a station (Foundry, Mod Station, etc).
Fixed having a floating Operator after spamming Transference while Operator is in the death animation.
Fixed max Energy displaying incorrectly when transitioning from Archwing mode as the Client.
Fixed being able to hold 1 to charge Zephyr's Tail Wind and cast Airburst before the charge animation starts, causing you to get stuck.
Fixes towards Eidolon Lures hugging the ground and likely getting stuck at the smallest bumps.
Fixed UI textures sometimes being blurry when Dynamic Resolution is used.
Fixed Nakak's masks reflecting your chosen Operator Energy color. 
Fixed previewing Nakak's masks defaulting your Operators Somatic colours.
Fixed Liset doors re-playing the open sound when entering with Operator while Warframe is already standing there.
Fixed "Recent" tab in the Invite menu always displaying other players on "Menus" even when Offline.
Fixed camera sometimes clipping through the Arsenal.
Fixed a script error when casting numerous Warframe abilities.

## The Sacrifice: Update 23.1.0: TennoGen Round 13
**Date:** 2018-07-18T17:30:11Z | **Type:** Update
## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.8
**Date:** 2018-07-09T20:05:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.7
**Date:** 2018-06-28T20:24:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.6
**Date:** 2018-06-27T17:23:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
TennoCon is just over 9 days away, and here we are giving you some trinkets to play with while you patiently wait for what will be the next biggest day in Warframe's history. Something to note, is that this Hotfix does not include The Sacrifice quest replayability. It will be done, but most likely after TennoCon, as all human hands are working on making the TennoLive dream a reality.
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.6:
Visit the respective Syndicate Offerings for these new Warframe Augments!
Increase Fissure enemy spawn rate for Fissure Sabotage missions.
Adjust offset for the Zaikhya Syandana on Titania to try and reduce clipping with her wings.

### Fixes
Fixed a case where the Owned checkmark on the UI wouldn't be visible, even if you owned 1+ of the item.
Fixed the red circle UI in Hive missions not accurately reflecting Hive search area around current Hive.
Fixed hovering over a Syndicate Sigil does not show the +% gain.
Fixed pressing Y on controller to use Cinematic Mode in Captura not functioning.
Fixed controller Chat hotkey (LT) not functioning as the Operator in the Orbiter.
Fixed the controller button to reset Captura settings to default not functioning.
Fixed temporal AA jitter being applied on 'post UI' map lines and the like causing severe sub-pixel jitter.
Fixed Exalted melee Abilities causing Clients to hold their melee and primary/secondary weapons in hand if the Ability is terminated while still pulling the weapon out (e.g. Onslaught Conduits, out of bounds areas, etc).
Fixed enabling 'Look at Character' in Captura while playing through Advanced Camera positions will cause the camera to shake.
Fixed the Pandero Secondary Fire Codex/Arsenal description saying 'Charged Shot' when it is actually a 'Burst Shot'.
Fixed Somachord playing music while viewing some intro quest cinematics.
Fixed Equinox's cloth appearing as gray patches while in the Star Chart.
Fixed bad Bow clipping on Warframe Articulas.
Fixed Warframe Articulas displaying weapons that are meant to be hidden on holster.
Fixed the Oblivia Prime Syandana sitting too high up on Loki Prime.
Fixed Fang Prime and Dual Ether having the incorrect Mastery Rank requirement.
Fixed ability to cast Saryn's Spore when your Energy is between 1 and 24 in Conclave.
Reveal hidden contents

Fixed The Sacrifice quest progression stopper if you didn't have a melee weapon equipped in the 'Pursuing Umbra' phase.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet causing a progression stopping issue in The Sacrifice as reported here:
Fixed the Dax Portrait not snapping properly to walls like a good portrait should.
Fixed some of Umbra's attachments appearing to float away from his body.
Fixed the Umbra Operator Hooded Scarf not working with Transference FX.
Fixed the new Umbra Operator Earrings showing the loop hanging below the earlobe instead of through them. 
Fixed wonky clipping with Sugratras and the Umbra Nikana.
Fixed not being able to purchase the Excalibur Umbra Glyph.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.5
**Date:** 2018-06-22T19:07:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Skana Prime Icon is known and will be fixed.
### Changes
Improved the Rift Walker Prime Sigil to be more metallic. This is the start of our Art team going through previous Prime Sigils to give them the same metallic treatment by request! 
Updated the Vitruvian Glyph bundle store icon to better display the Glyphs.
Orokin Cells pickups will now appear in the pop-up notification similar to Argon Crystals.

### Fixes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.5ui Improvements & Fixes:
Controller DPad navigation will always be enabled for Chat when its expanded.
Fixed the pause Menu not closing when Menu is already open with the controller.
Fixed a crash when attempting to move the text cursor vertically through a multi-line text box (MOTD for example). 
Fixed odd multi-line text navigation with up/down arrows for empty lines.
Making progress on investigating Megan's soul crushing issue of not receiving Relic rewards. So far it is looking like an internal account issue, but we'll update you as more information turns up.
Fixed new players who picked Excalibur not receiving his Exalted Blade in the Arsenal, making it unModdable. Affected players will now see the intended Exalted Blade Arsenal slot.
Fixed the Pyrana Prime auto-switching to another weapon when the magazine empties.
Fixed casting Khora's Strangledome on a large group of enemies resulting in the VFX disappearing shortly after. 
Fixed the Dax Syandana not being Giftable. 
Fixed the Dax Syandana clipping through numerous Warframes 
Titania clipping is known and will be fixed.
Fixed lights at the top of the Dax Syandana not applying Energy colors.
Fixed Nekros Prime having a 'None' Skin option.
Fixed the Zarr Towsun Skin not properly apply to the "dangles" on the front of the weapon.
Fixed inability to Chat link the Towsun Weapon Skins for the Quartakk and Stubba.
Fixed an issue with the Hystrix not being able to switch fire modes during reload if all bullets are emptied out of the clip. 
Fixed multi-line text navigation with up/down arrows for empty lines. 
Fixed a rare crash.
Fixed a slow memory leak that would lead to a script failure if you left the Navigation console up for 13 hours.
Fixed Rift Walker Prime Sigil flickering in the Arsenal.
Reveal hidden contents
Fixed the Iliac Syandana not playing nicely with Umbra's scarf. 
Toned down eyebrow animations after you return to the Orbiter after the first memory sequence cinematic.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.4
**Date:** 2018-06-20T20:44:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.4:
This collection includes:
Quartakk Towsun Skin
Stubba Towsun Skin
Maggor Towsun Armor
Maggor Towsun Syandana
Visit the Market to get this scorching-hot Collection for 180 Platinum now!
ASHWAT GLYPH 
VANVA GLYPH 
KULAM GLYPH 
NILA GLYPH 
SAMAT GLYPH
Each Glyph is available individually for 20 Platinum or as a bundle for 80 Platinum in the Market!
Tweaked the Oblivia Prime Syandana offset to be proportionately equal on numerous Warframes. The Market and Arsenal icons have also been changed for the Oblivia Prime Syandana to properly reflect the adjustments.
Replaced the Bounty Level 40-60 Relic with a Axi O3. This fixes Bounty Level 40-60 Rotation B having the same Lith V5 Relic as Level 10-30.
Optimized Framerate slightly in Defection missions.
Removed unobtainable Plains of Eidolon Lore Fragments in the Codex.
Specters can no longer trigger Operator Virtuos Arcanes.
Reveal hidden contents

Removed ability to put Sacrificial Mods on Archwing Melee weapons.
Fixed Umbra triggering Operator Virtuos Arcanes.
Fixed Umbral set bonus not functioning after a Host Migration. 
Fixed receiving Umbra after failing the 'Confront Umbra' mission, which resulted in many issues with progressing in the quest.
Fixed obtaining Umbra too early if you change your Arsenal loadout right before equipping him.
Fixed Clients Transferring into Umbra killing their forward momentum.
Fixed floating symbols in Orokin Cipher puzzle being invisible if your Warframe is cloaked.

### Fixes
Added a toggle for showing 'Item labels' on Inventory items in the Interface Options!
Item Labels Toggled Off (hover for name/info): 
Item Labels Toggled On: 
Added a "DEFAULT" sort option in the Syndicate Offerings screen. This sorts the Offerings alongside their partners (Warframe Augments, Syndicate Weapons, Captura Scenes, etc). 
Increased opacity of Mission Voting UI panel to help readability on certain UI Themes.
Flipped Blueprint Icons so that Affinity Icon is on the top right.
'REUSABLE BLUEPRINT' label is now displayed on appropriate Recipes.
Replaced the 'OWNED' text on UI Themes with a cleaner checkmark Icon.
Replaced the tiny '1' Icon in the Syndicate Offerings screen to also be a cleaner checkmark Icon.
Fixed trading partner's Arcane Rank Icons not displaying on the trading UI screen.
Fixed Arsenal UI displaying incorrect Exalted weapon after selecting 'Randomize'.
Fixed inability to confirm error prompt when the connection to the Host has been lost.
Fixed some Syndicate weapon Icons using their original variant as opposed to the Syndicate version.
Fixed camera being set incorrectly when viewing the Mods screen in the Dojo. 
Fixed 'help text' such as in the Tutorial and Vor's Prize being visible from the back side.
Fixed a long game hang when pressing the 'Invite Friend' button.
Fixed overlapping UI when selecting a new Captura Scene while in Captura settings.
Fixed Destreza Prime missing its Icon.
Removed ability to use the controller DPad in the Arsenal to hover over the current Warframe Abilities since selecting them does nothing.
Fixed inability to select/equip any Mods until exiting the Upgrade screen upon dismissing the error prompt for Mods also equipped on a Sentinel Weapon.
Fixed controller DPad not functioning in Controller Bindings option and long binding names are now truncated and display the full name in a tooltip.
Fixed pressing the Upgrade quick button with the controller can result in a different weapon to be selected on the Upgrade screen.
Fixed Gear items being skipped over when using the controller DPad to select Gear items in the Arsenal.
Fixed inability to select the 'Default Colors' option when using the controller DPad.
Fixed having 2 visible cursors on the Advanced Plains Map when using a controller.
Fixed accessing the Plains Advanced Map with a controller and then switching to Mouse/Keyboard resulting in non-functional buttons on screen.
Fixed all 'on damage' Arcanes not triggering upon taking damage.
Fixed Artax not functioning with Growing Power.
Fixed Pyrana Primes ethereal buff being permanent by Transferring to the Operator while the ethereal Pyrana buff runs out.
Fixed the Lith T2 Relic having 2 Braton Prime Blueprints as a reward (1 common and 1 uncommon). We replaced the common reward with the Valkyr Prime Blueprint.
Fixed crash when taking an F6 screenshot after returning from Captura and on a loading screen en route to another mission.
Fixed Mesa Regulator upgrades being applied twice for Clients.
Fixed a Void Shockplate that was doing no damage or knockdown. 
Fixed script error when trying to convert Shards when you have no Shards in your Inventory.
Fixed a typo in an Ordis transmission.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.3 - Limbo Prime
**Date:** 2018-06-19T17:58:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.2 + 23.0.2.1
**Date:** 2018-06-15T20:55:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.2:
Updated the new Glowing Sentient Core Decoration description to clarify that it is a Decoration for your Landing Craft. 
Using 'mouse button 3' in the Simulacrum will now auto add 5 enemies to the spawn list.
Reveal hidden contents
Polished audio in The Sacrifice memory phases.
Improved some subtitle timing in The Sacrifice.

### Fixes
Fixed the game crashing a few seconds post-launcher. 
Fixed Sniper combo not decaying over time and instead resetting to zero.
Fixed Naramon Power Spike not decaying combo over time and instead resetting.
Fixed Rollers not being affected by Limbo's Cataclysm (or Stasis) if they are already within the zone when its cast.
Fixed Euphona Primes bullet spread not being based on the crosshair as a center point.
Fixed Gifting a UI Theme resulting in it being instantly auto-equipped.
Fixed Baro's Vendor screen not displaying your Ducat inventory amount. 
Fixed Pets attempting to use Pet Beds while you're in the process of placing them.
Fixed screenshot folders with 10009 images in them resulting in new screenshots going in your install folder instead.
Fixed entering your Arsenal with Excalibur's Exalted Blade active causing no Mods to appear in the Modding UI. 
Fixed clicking a locked Exilus Slot and canceling the purchase prompt locking the UI on the "Please Wait" screen. 
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones not displaying any of your equipped weapons. 
Fixed missing UI click sound in some menus when using the Legacy sound option. 
Fixes towards the Extractor selection screen overlapping the Squad menu UI and tooltip when hovering over Extractors.
Fixed Boosters not displaying in Baro's inventory if it's available as an offering.
Fixed max enemy cap not being enforced in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed icon missing for the Prisma Grakata.
Fixed Energy colour element not appearing when you change your Energy colour on an Excalibur equipped with the Chromatic Blade Augment.
Fixed UI displaying double Set Mod bonuses when equipped on a regular and Exalted weapon. Set Mods only affect regular Melee weapons.
Fixed script crash caused by pressing Config B for a Melee weapon equipped with a Riven while experiencing the previous listed bug. 
Fixed a crash when respawning in Wyrmius. 
Fixed a script error when using Transference. 
Fixed a script error if mission gets cleared while countdown is in progress.
Fixes towards a Modding UI script error. 
Fixed script error in squad overlay when voting is disabled. 
Fixed script error when customizing your Archwing's energy color while a Warframe with an Exalted Weapon is equipped. 
Fixed script error when pressing mouse button 3 in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed various Syandanas clipping through Titania's wings. 
Fixed incorrect icons displaying for the Push/Pull option in Decoration mode when using the controller.
Fixed being able to equip UI themes you do not own. 
Fixed Channeled finishers with Zaws not activating Dispatch Overdrive or Exodia Brave. 
Fixed an unreleased Stance Mod finding its way into the Codex (nothing to see here).
Reveal hidden contents

Fixed new Umbra Operator Cosmetics (Umbra Blindfold, Earpiece, Hooded Scarf, and Diadem) missing cloth animation. 
Fixed the Skiajata not taking on Custom colors in the final cut scene in the Sacrifice. 
Fixed being unable to re-equip Umbra after The Sacrifice quest if you unequipped him.
Fixed Umbra's Skiajata's muffled audio persisting after chaining Stealth finishers.
Fixed the Courtyard Scene's teleport volumes in The Sacrifice not resetting the player.
Fixed Isaah's lip sync timing. 
Fixes towards transmission playing twice in the 3rd hospital memory scene. 
Fixed not transferring back to your Warframe when Umbra dies while you are in Operator Void Mode. 
Fixed Client's autonomous Umbra surviving Host migration. 
Tweaked Ordis' in/out transmission sounds for dialog flow. 
Fixed autonomous Umbra in Dojo Duels using Conclave loadout.
Fixed not being able to sell Inventory items if the value is 1 and not being able to stack more than 20 items.
Fixed some UI alignment issues.

## The Sacrifice: Hotfix 23.0.1
**Date:** 2018-06-15T05:28:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Sacrifice: Update 23
**Date:** 2018-06-15T00:51:48Z | **Type:** Update
## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.9 + 22.20.9.1 + 22.20.9.2
**Date:** 2018-06-07T17:36:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.9:
Doubled the maximum amount of 'Loadout' slots you can purchase with Platinum (now 20 max)!
In an effort to make Excavation Fissures more enjoyable and successful, we've increased the Void Fissures spawn rates depending on how many Excavators are deployed!
The Recruitment Chat channel can now be accessed while in the Dojo! 
The 'forced-logout 15 minutes after an update' has been changed to return you to the launcher instead; ideally this means that when you return to your PC you'll find the update already downloaded and ready to play! 
Leaving the launcher idle will now periodically re-check for updates every 30 minutes; again, if you want to go to bed before a major update this means you can just leave the launcher open and it'll download it while you sleep!
Made the launcher aware of high-DPI displays for improved font legibility and smoother scrolling.
Nova's Antimatter Drop base projectile damage is now reflected on the Abilities screen modified by Power Strength, and the multiplier also appears as an unchangeable 8x. This is purely a UI tweak to match how Antimatter Drop has functioned since its release.
Optimized HUD code slightly. This fixes problems caused by playing with VSync disabled and joining a mission in progress with a poor network connection.
Relaxed some performance sensor thresholds that were spamming us with diagnostics when you quit the game, which resulted in a crash.

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopper in The War Within where the Operator would lose their Void abilities.
Fixed Onslaught Efficiency pickup counter not tracking correctly after a Host migration occurs.
Fixed Operator being "sheathed" by your Warframe during a Second Dream cinematic.
Fixed the Gear wheel overlapping the pause menu UI.
Fixed a script error if a squadmate leaves while transitioning between mission & Orbiter.
Fixed region auto-detection.
Fixed Specters with some projectile weapons (Supra and Paracyst in particular) shooting bullets that curve towards the player's target. No Zorg ZF1 allowed....yet...
Fixed the camera clipping and violently stuttering through the wall in a Grineer Forest Capture tileset. 
Fixed script errors caused by numerous Warframe Abilities.
Fixed some mission timers counting down one second per frame. Ripperoni Rescue Hostages.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.8 + 22.20.8.1
**Date:** 2018-06-05T17:20:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
A new 'DECORATOR' Role has been added to Dojo hierarchies! This role will allow the player to place/remove Decorations and change room colors/lighting, but without the ability the destroy/build rooms.
Added a 'Contribute All' button for Dojo room/Decoration Resource contributions, and Dojo Research contribution.
Added a 'Reset' button to the Obstacle Course to clear all Decorations.

### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.8:
For consistency, damage link abilities (Trinity, Nidus, Nekros) will no longer transmit self-damage, but you will still get the damage reduction. This is particularly relevant for the healer/support class of Trinity who had become the go-to DPS frame in addition to the intended support roles. The re-release of Mods like Aviator added to some clever but ultimately uncharacteristic roles for Trinity.
Increased Saryn's Miasma duration to 6 seconds.
Reduced Nova's Antimatter Drop max Health in half and doubled the absorbed damaged. This fixes Nova's Antimatter Drop charging twice as quickly as a Client by buffing the Host to match Clients!
Removed ability to place personal Decorations in the Dojo Obstacle Course as intended.
Improved handling of corrupt compressed cache data.

### Fixes
Fixed getting stuck in the ground when attempting to enter Archwing which resulted in a Mastery Rank 25 progression stopper.
Fixed Zenurik Void Flow not being applied with maximum Energy on first Transference usage.
Fixed broken Zephyr movement animations after casting Tail Wind and then Turbulence or Tornado while moving.
Fixed Djinn's Reawaken Mod not Reviving your Sentinel while controlling the Operator.
Fixed a rare crash that could occur if an Ability deactivates just as the player Revives.
Fixed Archwing Elemental Mods not combining correctly (Blast, Corrosive, etc.)
Fixed Infested Charger Specters not doing any damage.
Fixed Dargyns clipping through Grineer Dropships in the Plains.
Fixed inability to Entitle an Amp as '111' due to the profanity filter.
Fixed crashing when spamming the 'Star Obstacle Course' prompt in the Dojo.
Fixed the game hanging when starting a Dojo Obstacle Course with an insane number of lasers.
Fixed edge case where squad UI could become unresponsive after a squad member leaves the session.
Fixed Decorations loving their saved rotation angles when adjusting said Decoration in the Obstacle Course.
Fixed a "residual Decoration" being left behind which prevented other Decorations from being placed in the Dojo as reported here:
Fixed incorrect prompt when attempting to remove an Obstacle Course Decoration in the Dojo.
Fixed Obstacle Course run credit being given to the Host instead of the Client who completed it.
Fixed being able to exit the Plains boundaries while piloting a Dargyn.
Fixed inability to select all Relic Refinement buttons and they are not appearing/functioning correctly for controller.
Fixed tutorial prompts displaying mouse/keyboard bindings when you are using the controller.
Fixed inability to rotate some items in the Market with the controller.
Fixed spawning beside Dojo rooms in progress after constructing, starting a mission, and then returning to the Dojo.
Fixed the Fire Trap FX not moving when placing/moving the Trap in the Dojo.
Fixed the Volnus being rotated the wrong way when building it in the Foundry.
Fixed M-W.A.M Index enemies freezing and flickering when killed.
Fixing a few cases where players now get stuck where they would previously be able to move.
Fixed script errors when casting numerous Warframe abilities.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed inability to place Decorations in your Orbiter.
Fixed Onslaught music sometimes cutting out until you entered the next Zone.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.7
**Date:** 2018-05-30T19:03:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.6
**Date:** 2018-05-24T22:00:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.5
**Date:** 2018-05-24T19:33:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The Orokin Decoration costs/refunds mentioned in Hotfix 22.20.3 are close to being complete. The plan is to cut the Orokin Decoration Oxium costs in half and refund the excess back to the Clan Vault. We are also removing the Orokin Cell costs on the respective Orokin Decorations and refunding those to the Clan Vault as well. Already completed Decorations will not be destroyed when these changes go live. Stay tuned!
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.5:
The bulbous pockets of corrosive popping goodness have been through the devs' workshop and are here with some new changes! Saryn, our countess of corrosion, has received the following changes to her Spores.

Curious about the details on how and why? Check out the Spores Revisited Dev Workshop!
Want to share your feedback on the changes above? Post your thoughts (after thoroughly testing all the changes) in the Spores Revisited Feedback Megathread.
Melee attacks now freely pass through enemies in Range (i.e an enemy cannot block another enemy from being hit).
Increased the default speed of controller cursor and made it slower in Star Chart only.
You can now use 'Enter' to accept input prompts or (A) on controller instead of (X) (choosing Mod stacks, etc).
Increased the fade out time for Star Chart ambient and Star chart percussion music.
Removed the glowing in-world marker from Quill Onkko. 
Optimized loading screens.

### Fixes
Fixed only being able to damage the Nullifier Bubble if you have line-of-sight to the Nullifier.
Fixed some inconsistencies with melee sweeps where sometimes it doesn't hit a visible avatar or the sweep goes through the floor. 
Fixed Warframe kills not counting towards Onslaught Efficiency when the player is controlling their Operator.
Fixed 'Sellable Only' option applying to Fish/Ducat Kiosk/Relic screens, which resulted in nothing showing up. This lead to players believing they did not have any of their freshly caught Fish in their inventories upon returning to Cetus.
Fixed Apothic not getting consumed until the end of the mission, at which Clients can rejoin as many times as they want and reuse their Apothics. 
Fixed the "Invite Squad member" button or the "Show profile" dropdown not functioning after viewing the Inventory.
Fixed Dark split Sword appearing as unranked for Clients at the beginning of a mission even though it's ranked.
Fixed Despot Syandana and Sovereign Syandana cloth getting caught on numerous Warframes.
Fixed paused enemies becoming unpaused when disarmed in the Simulacrum.
Fixed turning off 'Pause AI' not unpausing currently paused enemies in the Simulacrum.
Fixed the new Ceramic Dagger PBR material not applying custom Energy color.
Fixed changing a Warframes colours back to default not saving after a mission and reverts back to the colours that were on the Warframe before entering the mission.
Fixed Kavat interaction animation sometimes being incorrect immediately after retrieving the Kavat from Stasis.
Fixed Titania's bullet jump area of effect buff FX not showing up.
Fixed various issues with customized Dojo lighting being applied to the wrong areas.
Fixed not being able to fund Polychrome construction when changing to default lighting colors in the Dojo.
Fixed being unable to select a Glyph with the Display Glyph Decoration.
Fixed ALT-Enter only allowing fullscreen toggle sometimes (during cinematics mostly).
Fixed selecting 'Add Filter' in Chat with the controller resulting in a disabled controller hotkey to add a Filter.
Fixed the 'Sellable Only' option not being registered to the D-Pad for controllers.
Fixed t-posing Zephyr when switching from Equinox to Zephyr.
Fixed dynamic music not playing for Clients in Onslaught (or sometimes for anyone at all in certain tiles).
Fixed some sounds only being heard by the Host as reported here:
Fixed crashing upon using the G3 Beacon Gear Item.
Fixed a script error when trying to purchase Focus Capacity in the main Focus screen (outside of any specific tree).
Fixed a Venari script error in rare cases where the player's Warframe is not available (ex. War Within).
Fixed some Achievements with misspelled "Pole-arm" text.
Fixed misspelled text in the Nezha Reaping Chakram Augment.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.4
**Date:** 2018-05-22T20:13:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
The Orokin Decoration costs/refunds mentioned in Hotfix 22.20.3 are continuing to be discussed. We expect to have those changes live this week
stay tuned!
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.4:
Tweaked how Assassination Targets spawn in Assassinate Bounties to fix recurring issues of failed Bounties due to the Target not spawning. The Bounty will now attempt to procure a spawn location for the Target for 30 seconds, and if it fails, the Bounty will successfully advance. Geometry and split-second timing play into factor here, and failing a Bounty due to unavoidable situations does not grant Konzu his early lunch!
Exiting the Relic selection menu now counts as a non-vote instead of a decline. Previously 'Exiting' from the Relic selection screen counted as "declining" the mission, which you could not undo unless you left the squad, or the mission is cancelled entirely.
You can now trade the Peculiar Growth Mod!
Improved velocity and friction of small UI button targeting with a controller.
Improved AI navigation in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Reduced the loading/Star Chart percussion loop.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.3
**Date:** 2018-05-18T19:59:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
Friendly heads up that we're aware of the lavish costs to build some of the new Orokin Dojo Decorations. Our team is looking into not only reducing those costs, but also refunding Clans that have built them. Stay tuned for these changes next week!
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.3:
You can now place multiple Custom Obstacle Courses in your Dojo! 
Scaled the Ceramic Dagger to a more reasonable size. Ceramic Dagger-But-Long-Like-A-Sword didn't have a nice ring to it.
Upon completing the required Synthesis scans, Simaris' Daily Task entry in the World State Window can now be clicked to automatically load you into the nearest Relay.
Optimized memory usage by Dojos with a large number of Decorations. This also fixes a crash from Decoration heavy Obstacle Courses. 
Made adjustments to Controller bindings when transitioning between mouse and controller.
Removed the 'Only Sellable' option from the Ducat Kiosk menu as it doesn't apply to that screen.
Removed the controller D-Pad function from the Somachord as it does not function there.
*Removed profanity filter from Loadout names.

### Fixes
More fixes towards crashing as a result of particles.
Fixed a crash that could occur if you disconnected while your Sentinel Vacuum was sucking up an item with particle effects attached to it.
Fixed a Dx11 crash on shutdown (possibly because the graphics driver crashed first).
Fixed a crash that could occur when attempting to Host a session while an existing session was still active.
Fixed duplicate Mods appearing in the Arsenal after upgrading a Mod. These duplicate Mods were merely a mirage of your desires, and did not truly exist. 
Fixed UI disappearing when switching between Spear/Bait/Dye in the Spear Fishing HUD.
Fixed sleeping enemies (Equinox's Rest) being alerted when approaching them.
Fixed switching to Borderless Fullscreen not always positioning the window properly (it seemed to only be reliable if you set to Borderless and booted up that way).
Fixed a script error when casting Saryn's Spores on a ragdoll. This resulted in the Spores to not show up (but still tick damage).
Fixed a prompt with incorrect text breaking your ability to enter the Dojo Obstacle Course. 
Fixed being able to trap other players inside Dojo Decorations.
Fixed level load music playing when loading into the Apostasy quest.
Fixed Kohm's firing charge sound staying active.
Fixed selecting a linked item in Chat preventing all controller buttons from not functioning until Chat is minimized.
Fixed controller input issues when Chat linking Zaws.
Fixed moss acting strangely with the Simaris Data Parse Widget. 
Fixed overlapping controller button callouts when selecting 5+ Emojis.
Fixed Invasion text overlapping when hovering over the World State Window with a controller.
Fixed a script error when transitioning between mouse and controller as the Arsenal Upgrade screen is opening.
Fixed a script error when switching between mouse/controller before the Inbox has loaded.
Fixed a script error when looking at enemies with non-standard resistance types (Void Damage, Finisher Damage, etc) with the Data Parse Widget.
Fixed a script error when casting Gara's Splinter Storm.
Fixed Conclave mode of the Arsenal not presenting/applying upgrades correctly to items.
Fixed non-functional controller D-Pad callouts being visible on Conclave End of Mission screen.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.2
**Date:** 2018-05-17T21:02:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.2:
Removed the unreleased Two-Handed Katana Stance Mod.
Returned the Skeiron Zephyr Skin to its original matte material.
Improved the Hagoromo Zephyr Skins metallic materials at the request of the creator.
The GPU Particle setting will now indicate if your system doesn't support the new particle system.

### Fixes
Fixed a case where Clients may get stuck unable to cast Saryn's Spores anymore if they cast Spores on a target that dies during the cast.
Fixed Saryn's Spores HUD indicator disappearing for Clients after Transferring to and from the Operator.
Fixed Saryn's Spores not doing damage while in Operator but damage continuing to increase over time.
Fixed Saryn's Spores active indicator remaining when switching to Operator.
Fixed Saryn's Spores breaking if you go through the Onslaught Conduit while Spores is active.
Fixed numerous cases of presence vs matchmaking issues. This was causing issues Inviting players and finding squads.
Fixed DirectX 9 crashes related to turning off Multi-threaded rendering.
Fixed a progression stopping crash in The War Within.
Fixed cases of not being able to place Decorations or Polychrome in the Dojo.
Fixed Gear wheel losing functionality when opening it while switching from Fishing to a different item.
Fixed 'GPU Particles' not appearing disabled when not supported. The setting would be greyed out and could not be changed, despite showing a value indicating that it should be active.
Fixed appearing to have a plethora of empty Slots in your Inventory. These Slots were not actually useable.
Fixed missing Inventory items in the last category that gets loaded (which is also the only category for screens like Fish selection).
Fixed the Tigris no longer having its PBR textures. 
Fixed numerous of the newly PBR'd weapons not applying custom Energy color.
Fixed Equinox Clisthert Helmet not applying custom Energy color.
Fixed the Ki'Teer Sekhara and Tethra's Doom Quantum Badge not applying custom Energy color.
Fixed holding 2 Hystrix's instead of the intended 1.
Fixed not being able to F6 screenshot while in Decoration mode.
Fixed a potential crash when joining a mission.
Fixed crashing at End of Mission when playing Lunaro.
Fixes towards crashes related to particles.
Fixed a level hole in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed [PH] text in the new Spear Fishing HUD.
Fixed the Commodore Prime Operator suit and Excalibur Dex Skin having incorrect textures.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.1
**Date:** 2018-05-17T16:36:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.20.1:
Onslaught Specimens now display a smol spawn portal behind them!

### Fixes
Fixed getting a soft-lock when opening the Event tab in the World State Window.
Fixed crashing when attempting to play the Fomorian mission and a squad member is missing the required Fomorian Disruptor in their Gear.
Fixed casting Nidus' Larva to pull AI from ships resulting in teleporting them back to the ship after the ability ends.
Fixed invisible Archwing during the initial The Archwing quest cinematic.
Fixed not being able to move your Liset in the loading screen when using a Controller joystick.
Fixed loading screen music playing during quests where you have to enter a Relay.
Fixed the camera panning when selecting a Decoration.
Fixed the 'Favourites' tab in the Color Picker menu not calling out the right icon when switching from Mouse & Keyboard to Controller. 
Fixed Inventory showing stretched item icons.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Update 22.20.0
**Date:** 2018-05-17T14:55:31Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a new Growing Peculiar Mod to Onslaught rewards! Damage causes this enemy to inflate!
The Operator screen now displays a new opening UI! Switch between Equipment, Focus, and Appearance. 

New percussion-driven music has been added to the Star Chart and loading screens.
Real-time audio mixing is now handled by our new RTPC (Real-Time Parameter Control) system, which allows greater precision and control of the game-wide mix:
Real-time audio mixing is now decoupled from music, so players who don't want to play with music benefit from the new RTPC system.
Player speed will now adjust footstep/sliding volume.
Bullet sound volume when the local player is being hit by enemies is now based on Shields/Health.
The RTPC system also allows cleaner and more focused music during heavy combat
Starchat music will now be affected by the Music slider and not the SFX slider
Added a North indicator to both the Plains of Eidolon minimap and Advanced Map. Cetus is due South, so players need only walk in the opposite direction of this marking to head home for an early lunch! 
Added a 'Show Ability Banner on Cast' toggle to the Interface Options menu! This is off by default on PC. Console players already have these banners appear automatically, but they will have the option to turn them off once this change goes live on Xbox One and PS4!

Added the ability to replay the Once Awake quest !
Added the repurposed Kuva Defense tile used in Kuva Survival Missions to other Fortress missions. 
Objects that attract weapon-fire, like Mag's Magnetize ability, now do so in a more logical way:

Added a 'CLAIM ALL' button to the Foundry that appears when you have more than 1 item ready to Claim.
Weekly Leaderboards will now show a reset timer!

### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Update 22.20.0:
Our lady of poison is taking the center stage with Saryn Revisited 2.0! Yes, that's right! She has been revisited for a second time, and this time we took a closer look at increasing the fun factor by removing layers of complicated synergies and giving Toxin Lash and Molt a long deserved encore.
Read all about our intent and full details on the changes in the official Saryn Revisited 2.0 Dev Workshop!
Increased Status Chance from 10% to 50% (scales with Ability Strength). 
A meter in the bottom right corner of your screen will show the number of affected enemies and how much damage is being dealt per tick to said enemies.
Recasting Spores detonates all active Spores and will deal 2x the damage on an inflicted enemy based on the number of active Spores and the current damage per tick. 
Venom Dose Augment: Spores cast on allies temporarily grant them additional Corrosive damage to all attacks.
After casting, Saryn receives a momentary speed boost for a short duration. 
Molt now scales similar to Rhino's Iron Skin
All the initial damage it takes in the first 3 seconds will make it stronger. Any damage it receives after that point will target the absorbed health.*
*Damage absorbed is shown in a buff indicator at the top of the screen.
*Once all absorbed damage has dispensed, Molt explodes dealing Toxin damage to nearby enemies.
Now has a 100% guaranteed Viral Status Effect on damage tick. 
Increased range from 15 meters to 20 meters (at max rank). 
Increased duration from 3 to 5 seconds.
Miasma inflicts double damage on targets affected by Spores. 
When recasting on the same enemy it will refresh the tick duration and maintain the Viral Status Effect, but will not stun enemies a second time until the Status Effect ticks have subsided.
Increased Saryn's Armor from 175 to 225 (at rank 30)
Increased Saryn Prime's Armor from 225 to 300 (at rank 30) 
Made some minor FX updates to Saryn's abilities! 
Spores received a slight improvement to the FX.
Reduced the brightness of Miasma.
Improved FX to make her Molt cast more pronounced.
Spores have been optimized and will be much nicer to your CPU! 
Saryn is also coming with a whole new set of sounds voiced by [DE]Danielle!! 
Added Abilities screen stats for Saryn Molt speed buff & duration.
We hope you enjoy experimenting with her changes. We will be watching closely for your first impressions. As always, we appreciate your constructive feedback and encourage you to thoroughly play with the rework before sharing your thoughts: 
If you recall, we added enhanced Dojo Decorating earlier this year with some other minor changes. Part 2 has arrived, and it brings with it new visuals and a highly anticipated room!
Disappearing platforms!
Deadly frickin lasers and pressure-pads that you should avoid at all costs!
Dummies you need to kill to complete the course!
And much more!
Added 37 Tenno Decorations and 54 Orokin Decorations for your Dojo renovating pleasure!
Added new Pigment colors dropped by the following enemies: 
Shard Black: Vomvalysts 
Tower White: Condrocs 
Devar Grey: Tusk Bombard 
Wisp Grey: Skiff Pilot 
Mortus Pink: Kuakas
Did you miss our Dev Workshop!? Read it quickly here
it's short:
We have added 'GPU Particles' which replace the no-longer-supported Nvidia PhysX Particles. These GPU Particles can be enjoyed on all Platforms with varying intensity:
Off/Low/Medium/High... LUDICROUS!
Many particle FX have been converted, but we will spend some time continuing to upgrade our catalog throughout the year. Our new system is universal, works on almost all GPUs (really old ones might be out of luck), is not locked to a given manufacturer, and is not locked to PC! Console Tenno will receive this next update!
If you watched Devstream 110, you might already be familiar with our plans to change the Scrambus and Comba. Players can now engage in more cerebral combat with these enemies, using visual cues to take them down:
Their Nullify aura has been replaced with a power that they can activate in combat. Upon use, it creates an expanding sphere that nuffilies players' powers, and disrupts them for 2.5 seconds.

Similar to the way shooting the Nullifier bubble or weak point can interrupt or prevent the aura from spreading, shooting off Scrambus/Comba's helmet (or killing them) will negate the sphere:
With today's update, you are now able to acquire an active Dargyn in the following ways:
Shoot the Pilot, causing the Dargyn to float gracefully to the ground for you to board:
Use Loki's Switch Teleport on the Pilot, leaving him grounded and confused:
Use a finisher from behind while using Archwing, allowing you to transition from Archwing to Dargyn:
In addition to this new mechanic, we have also made the following changes:
Increased mounted Dargyn projectile damage from 250 to 450 and increased the clip size from 50 to 75. 
Increased the spawn frequency of Dargyn patrol and idle Dargyn encounters when roaming the Plains.
Improved Defense Target navigation by shifting the path towards the center of level.
Built additional buildings around the Defense Target path at both Defense locations.
Added additional enemy spawn locations for each Defense location, giving AI more of 360 degree attack option.
Adjusted Turrets within the level.
Added additional cover and attack routes for AI.
The rail upon which the Defense Tram travels on is now electrified!
Moved hack panels to easier-to-find places in certain Grineer Shipyard tilesets. Hopefully you won't get caught in a lockdown, but if you do, it should be faster to find a panel!
We now show you what camera is being highlighted in Advanced Mode.
Added tool-tips to help you know what's going on with the settings! 
Captura, Text, now, supports, commas,!
Improved speed multiplier controls for controllers.
Fixed 'Cinematic Mode' button not re-appearing when swapping settings.
The improvements to Khora keep on coming! We have a number of important fixes that really help with making Khora play better, as well as some changes!
Changes include:
Increased the range of Ensnare.
Removed the Line of Sight check from Ensnare to make it more reliable. 
Range Mods now affect Whipclaw's AoE radius, but it is capped. 
Khora's Whipclaw can now damage decorations (crates, barrels, etc).
Khora's Kavat now teleports to a given target instead of pathing there if the target is too far away!
Changed Khora's Venari animations from domestic Kavat to Feral Kavat. 
Adjusted a number of Syandanas to fit Khora better.
Tweaked Venari command sounds.
Fixes include:
Fixed a weird 'foot shuffle' animation with Whipclaw. 
Fixed using Khora's Whipclaw on a target causing all enemies affected by Ensnare to be released when the target is killed while ensnared. This one was particularly nasty in practice and made her kit feel weak! 
Fixed Khora's Venari getting locked in her Attack Mode when attempting Mastery Rank tests, which can cause failure on stealth tests (MR9 for example). 
Fixed infinite re-whipping for Khora's Whipclaw by flailing the camera around rapidly. 
Fixed Ospreys not being fully disabled by Khora's Ensnare.
Fixed Venari freezing in place when entering Cetus from the Plains, and subsequently duplicating if you head back out, eventually leading to a hall of kitty statues.
Reduced explosion radius from 6m to 4m .
Lowered the Tusk Bombard's base health from 350 to 300.
Fixed smoke trail behind rocket to persist for life of projectile (trail was disappearing after 8s of flight time, making it very hard to see the rocket).
Reduced explosion radius from 10m to 4m.
Reduced lifetime of fire explosion FX from 10s to 7s.
Added a damage element to those fire FX
Minor Heat damage and Heat proc if touched.
Fixed flame trail behind rocket to persist for life of projectile (trail was disappearing after 5s of flight time, making it very hard to see the Napalm).
Melee attacks (including spin attacks) will no longer sweep through walls or objects. Please read our Dev Workshop for Melee insight!
Numerous weapons have received the PBR treatment: 
Flux Rifle (original material and the Shock Camo Skin)
Lanka (original material and the Shock Camo Skin)
Gram
Kraken
Marelok
Grinlok
Kronen
Karak
Twin Gremlins
Brakk
Seer
has also receive a new scope FX!
The Ceramic Dagger has received a new look! Previously it was identical to the Cronus.
Made nearly 10,000 micro-optimizations to hundreds of scripts including Warframe Powers, Precepts, Enemy Logic, Weapon Behaviors, Game-Modes, and the UI.
Harrow's Condemn, Thurible, and Gara's Shattered Lash (stab) can now be used on ziplines. 
Gara's Splinter Storm now applies a HUD buff when cast on self to help manage when casting on many targets. 
Operators now emit pain grunts when experiencing fall damage.
Eidolon Lures will wait until the Eidolon has fully disappeared to be auto-destroyed, instead of being auto-destroyed when the sun rises at dawn.
Removed the 'Related Items' tab from Syndicate Offerings because of purchase attempts resulting in script errors. 
Opened even more previously locked treasure walls in the Void!
You now spawn in the Observatory upon returning to the Dojo after a mission.
Increased door opening speeds on the Grineer Settlement and Grineer Galleon Tilesets. 
Polished the animations of the Steel Meridian and Cephalon Suda Syndicate handshake emotes. 
Reduced the frequency of large Grineer Settlement tiles appearing in Extermination missions to help them feel a little less long.
Removed legacy loot crates from Void Onslaught tiles that should not have been part of Simaris' simulation.
Increased time given by targets in the Round 11 Mastery Rank Test from 3.5 seconds to 5 seconds and added aim assist to targets to make them slightly easier to hit. 
Turned down volume of bullet impacts on player's Flesh and Shields.
Changed the "Dead End" message that appears when viewing a Dojo expansion doorway upon hitting the room limit to say "Maximum Room Count Reached".
Crouching is now stateful! If you let go of crouch while in a small tunnel, your Warframe will now stand up when it can.You can also now crouch while parrying.
Updated the ambience in the Simulacrum by removing the repeating music loops.
Revised and improved several Rock and Cave materials and meshes. 
Quality of life changes for Grineer cell doors in Rescue missions.
Changed the marker on the panel used to move the tram in one of the Grineer Asteroid tiles to use a different icon so it can't be confused with the main yellow diamond objective marker. 
Disabled Challenges in some quest missions (e.g. "use your first power 5 times").
Several Corpus Rescue mission Co-Op door improvements and fixes:
Changed default state to locked where doors were closed to fix spawning issues.
Replaced markers with new type.
Added state icons to all doors.
Added a new marker type on panels for consistency.
Added activation sound to door context actions.
Aligned door hint with the ground and changed widths to fit doors (some were too wide).
Removed panels from opposite side of the door since they're never accessible.
Shortened delay before the door opens when panels are activated.
Fixed context action alignment.
Fixed missing shiny 'destroy' material on consoles.
Fixed door closing after being opened.
Fixed materials on tram door so it doesn't look like a dead end.
Fixed some broken material script properties.
Polished Harrow's Idle animations and his Agile/Noble Speargun variant animations. 
Updated several ability stat descriptors to make them clearer:
Standardized format across all Warframe ability descriptions.
E.g. Range (Meters) # to Range #
E.g. "Health over Time #" to "Health / Sec #"
Added units of measurement to the abilities where appropriate
M (meters), S (seconds), % (percentage), X (multiplier), etc. 
Converted decimals to whole numbers (e.g. Equinox's Rest & Rage Wakeup Health Threshold has been changed from 0.5 to 50% for max rank). 
Changed "Range" to "Radius" for several Warframe abilities.
Syndicate Pickups are now auto-marked on the first pickup! 
Removed erroneous stats from Sentinel UI (Energy and Sprint Speed).
Lotus is less chatty in Fissure missions! 
Shortened and simplified most levels for the Vor's Prize missions, making sure the missions are more suitable for new player navigation. 
Adjusted the Mithra Syandana based on feedback. 
Arcane ranks are now on the side of the icon rather than in the 'name' field.
You can now purchase multiple copies of Arcane Blueprints in Hok and Quills Offerings.
Increased the in-mission volume of Octavia's Horos Sound Pack by .5dB. 
Tweaked the Nova Lamia Skin to better match the Steam Workshop images.
Tweaked the Skeiron Zephyr Skin to be more shiny and metallic instead of matte.
Tweaked the emissives of the Excalibur Sentient Slayer Skin.
Tweaked the Maltzur Oculus List Skin to improve the emissive details.
Updated naming filter to allow players to use appropriate words that contain inappropriate words, like "assassin".
Updated chat profanity filter to catch profanity with punctuation immediately following it. Those of you who live on the edge and have the filter turned off won't notice a thing, but there might be a few more asterisks and a few less inappropriate words in chat for our filtered Tenno. 
Exodia Contagion's Infested grenade 30 meter damage multiplier now also takes into account your combo multiplier.
Moved the Earth Tikal node slightly to not overlap quest text.
Onslaught mission Credits are now rewarded every 2 successful Zones. This eliminates being able to achieve free Credits in the initial spawn room by letting the timer run out.
The Mushussu Syandana is now animated!
Replaced primary/secondary titles of Argonak fire modes with Semi and Auto.
You can now fast travel to 'Navigation' in the pause menu once you have your Observatory completed in the Dojo.
Tweaked Harrow's Penance impact sound to have a less high frequency ringing.
Repositioned the Simulacrums 'Enemy Selector', 'Settings' and 'Kill Enemies' buttons.
Changed the Ghoul Purge World State Window text from "Progress: (0 to 100)%" to "Ghoul Activity: (100 to 0)%" to be more in line with other events.
Reduced the damage of Khora's Venari in Conclave.
Reduced the ammo pool of the Castanas family and Talons in Conclave. 
Increased the effect of gravity on the Castanas family and Talons in Conclave. 
Fixed a rare case where switching to another loadout in Conclave resulted in receiving no Affinity on that loadout if the mission ended before you respawned. 
Fixed certain Conclave Mod buff indicators not being removed when damaged.

### Fixes
Fixed a script error that resulted in a progression stopper in the Saya's Vigil quest.
Fixed not being able to roll as the Operator which resulted in a progression stopper in The War Within quest. 
Fixed Gara's Splinter Storm not refunding Energy if the target dies during the cast animation.
Fixed Nezha's Halo ring not physically being thrown when equipped with a TennoGen Skin.
Fixed Warframe Specters that were equipped with a Zaw resulting in a crash. 
Fixed Banshee's Resoquake only consuming 25 Energy when it is supposed to use 100 (on Clients, it would require having at least 100 Energy, but wouldn't use it).
Fixed being left behind if you jumped through the Onslaught Conduit and the timer ran down as you were still transitioning. 
Fixed kills made by Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones not contributing towards Onslaught Efficiency.
Fixed the Sovereign Syandana clipping through numerous Warframes.
Fixed the World State Window not displaying an icon for Alerts on a Void node.
Fixed a script error when spamming Harrow's Thurible ability.
Fixed Oberon's Phoenix Renewal Augment turning you immortal in Onslaught.
Fixed Grineer Commander being able to teleport you if he starts the teleport cast before you enter a blocking animation.
Fixed Grineer Commander teleport FX remaining on the player if the ability is cancelled early.
Fixed being able to instantly kill Infested Hives with Ash and certain Mods equipped.
Fixed Nidus' Parasitic Link damage increase stacking indefinitely if cast on Mirages Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed being unable to Chat link Dokrahm, Rabvee or Sephfan Zaws.
Fixed the Sigma and Octantis scaling right down to 0.
Fixed thunder during storms in the Plains causing NPCs to become permanently deaf.
Fixed cases of Beam weapons not doing damage inside Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed Energy pickups in The Index getting duplicate spawns every time a Client picked one up.
Fixed max Ranked Arcanes appearing grayed out in the Codex if you didn't own a separate Unranked one.
Fixed Acid Shells Mod causing Grineer Dropships to disappear. 
Fixed missing collision in the Corpus Gas City Survival tileset.
Fixed waypoint marking issues in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed the Oronix remaining permanently sheathed in the Arsenal after being polarized. 
Fixed transferring to Operator while sprinting causing inability to toggle sprinting off as Operator.
Fixed holding down the aim button not being carried over to the Operator after Transference.
Fixed Vazarin's Void Aegis blocking friendly projectiles.
Fixed Dargyns being able to spawn in cave systems during Plague Star.
Fixed Stalker sometimes not spawning in the "Protect the Moon" mission of the Second Dream.
Fixed excessive contrast on the Mag Ferro Skin's Helmet FX.
Fixed tintmask error on the Ak-Sura Syandana and applied to proper physics.
Fixed camera facing the wrong direction when respawning, instead of the direction the player was facing when downed. 
Fixed navigation pathing issue in the Grineer Asteroid Tileset. 
Fixed being able to gain Shields and overshields in No Shield Nightmare missions. 
Fixed Panthera's Punch Through not going through enemies.
Fixed some door materials in the Grineer Shipyards tileset to reflect their "off" state.
Fixed being unable to Duel by setting up a shop in a Dojo and trying to Duel before closing the shop. After closing shop, players were still unable to Duel and further loss of function was possible. 
Fixed missing Viper Wraith disposition.
Fixed a hole in the Kuva Fortress tileset. 
Fixed missing localization text on the Loki Prime Glyphs. 
Fixed Razer Chroma peripheral effects not working when using a Warframe's default Energy color.
Fixed missing description tag in a multitude of Captura Scenes.
Fixed a rare case of continuous hitching in the Plains.
Fixed players being unable to load into Cetus from the Plains if a Client has run out of revives when the Host enters the Cetus doors. 
Fixed being able to pet an invisible Venari if interacting with her immediately after exiting her upgrade screen in the Arsenal. 
Fixed a rare crash when trying to load into a mission from the Star Chart.
Fixed some level errors in the Grineer Settlement Artillery Captura Scene. 
Fixed a rare crash when aborting a mission that was started via the Star Chart in a Dojo or a Relay.
Fixed the elemental FX being rotated incorrectly on the Diva Polearm Tennogen Skin.
Fixed not being able to capture targets in Capture missions if they fell in overlapping geometry. 
Fixed broken reference to skeletal mesh that no longer existed on Ember's Vermillion skin. 
Fixed Vazarin's Mending Soul (at max rank) applying more instant revives after Transferring in and out of Operator mode. 
Fixed Client flashlight not turning on in certain areas in Infested Defense missions.
Fixed Capture target not spawning in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed large number formatting in the Leaderboards, as reported here: 
Fixed Sabotage Missions not resuming properly after defeating the Grustrag Three.
Fixed Excavators not spawning in The Archwing quest. 
Fixed missing extraction marker for "Pursue Teshin into the Asteroid Field" from The War Within quest.
Fixed Warframe in Arsenal rotating based on your mouse position even though you're not holding down the mouse button after switching modes (Archwing to Cooperative for example).
Fixed drop down list extending beyond window boundaries when right clicking a name in friends list.
Fixed falling through the map when rejoining after a Host migration during transition between the Plains and Cetus. 
Fixed Transferring to Operator over a teleport volume in the Plains causing a black screen while the Warframe teleports back to solid ground. 
Fixed an escapable map hole in the Grineer Galleon tileset. 
Fixed weapons like the Opticor having its hits blocked by your companion. Also fixed the hits sometimes not taking effect if other geometry was nearby.
Fix attempts towards a crash on load/login if you have consumables equipped. 
Fixed being unable to rebind Deco Move Up or Down and button callouts not changing when using a controller.
Fixed Drones not following players if they are riding on a Dargyn. 
Fixed Operator performing a Lunaro shoulder dash animation when attempting to roll while in Void mode. 
Fixed losing all weapons when exiting water in Grineer Sealabs.
Fixed reflection and opaque glass issues in the Grineer Shipyard rescue tileset. 
Fixed player animation getting stuck when quickly tapping the crouch button while sprinting and using a Bow during any quest (including Vor's Prize). 
Fixed a blank spot in the "view mission progress" UI after using a shard at the Eidolon Shrine in the Plains.
Fixed the "Warframe Animation Sets" button text in the Market being misaligned. 
Fixed a script error with Khora's Venari. 
Fixed a script error with Loki's Invisibility. 
Fixed a script error with Excalibur's Slash Dash. 
Fixed a script error with Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed a crash that would occur when killing a Dargyn and shooting another in Archwing. 
Fixed Baro Ki'Teer's pants clipping through his shirt. High waisted is so 2017.
Fixed cursor hovering below certain buttons in Options > Interface, which caused certain options to not be selectable. 
Fixed Sentinels with the Shield Charger Mod playing "charge" effect on Operators. 
Fixed being unable to rebind Ascend / Descend in Orbiter Decorating mode. 
Fixed countdown tick sound still playing after loading into a Relay. 
Fixed floor near holding cells in Grineer Shipyard Rescue missions being too reflective.
Fixed being unarmed after exiting Archwing in "Pursue Teshin into the Asteroid Field" in the War Within quest. 
Fixed ground texture tiling being a bit obvious in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed an issue with Kuva clouds not disappearing for Clients.
Fixed an issue with Infested Swarm FX floating for Clients.
Fixed an issue in the Grineer Kuva Fortress where you could fall through the level. 
Fixed an issue with Articula causing a loss of functionality. 
Fixed a level gap in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed Kuva Survival Catalyst pickups sometimes getting stuck in a fall-teleport loop.
Fixed an issue where you could bypass aspects of Sabotage missions. 
Fixed an issue with Zephyr's animations when hovering. 
Fixed an issue with context actions not appearing during Vor's Prize when installing the Mod segment. 
Fixed an issue where Operator customization UI could overlap with chat when scrolling. 
Fixed numerous crashes.
Fixed an issue where Melee hit sound FX was playing on Finisher completion. 
Fixed an issue with meat objects at the Cetus cookout! 
Fixed an issue where items set up for sale in Maroo's Bazaar will disappear above the player's head when opening the pause menu. 
Fixed Boosters showing double duration in top right after being obtained through Daily Tribute reward. 
Fixed Knell gaining multiple procs for a single shot on Client. 
Fixed issues with Hydroid's Poseidon Skin as per feedback. 
Fixed Clan Tiers not increasing right away if a Barracks room is completed naturally (i.e. not by rushing). 
Fixed Gara Splinter Storm self cast lasting a very short time.
Fixed issue where Ivara is able to use a primary weapon while holding a Datamass. 
Fixed a UI issue after a host migration in Sabotage missions. 
Fixed Archwing weapons appearing in the End of Mission screen after completing a non-Archwing mission.
Fixed Sentinel Mods appearing to be removed when viewing the Sentinel Arsenal in Cetus.
Fixed Ospreys leaving behind their exhaust FX when killed.
Fixed the context action FX being visible after completing the Apostasy quest in the Personal Quarters.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Forest tileset that allowed you to peer into time and space.
Fixed Titania's Razorwing using your Secondary weapon in 'Secondary Only' Sorties.
Fixed Rivens not unveiling in Cetus/Relays if you have unread Inbox messages.
Fixed spot loading when looking at a Grineer or Corpus Articula.
Fixed a lingering fire FX in the Queen's Chamber in The War Within quest.
Fixed being unable to cast Wukong's Primal Fury after giving your Secondary weapon to a Rescue Target in a 'Secondary Only' Sortie.
Fixed missing Toxic Status FX on the Frysta Longsword Skin.
Fixed elemental Status Effects applying to Exodia Force. Only base Damage Mods (Pressure Point) are meant to apply.
Fixed players sometimes being unable to hear another player when using VOIP.
Fixed Nekros being able to Desecrate already desecrated bodies or invincible bodies.
Fixed Chroma's Spectral Scream Energy stat on Abilities screen displaying as 0 after you've used it once. 
Fixed Chroma's Spectral Scream breaking if you run out of Energy while in Operator.
Fixed the screen shake remaining when you Transference to Operator.
Fixed a hitch in the Arsenal when selecting different Warframes.
Fixed rare cases of Mirage's Hall of Mirrors creating a permanently firing Opticor.
Fixed not being able to scroll through long weapon stat lists with the Right Stick on a Controller. 
Fixed rare cases of losing Chat functionality when loading in between missions. 
Fixed a rare case where the Navigation panel would be empty.
Fixed broken Onslaught End of Mission screen that resulted in having to restart the game.
Fixed the Invati Sekhara FX not reflecting in the Arsenal. 
Fixed 'Reduced Gravity' condition carrying over to the next Zone in Onslaught.
Fixed players in the Lobby 'Appearing to be Offline' when inviting them from the Recent list.
Fixed being able to place Dojo Decorations around a player and keep them as your trapped pet.
Fixed a script error when picking up a Syndicate Medallion.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.19.1
**Date:** 2018-05-03T17:52:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.19.1:
Fixed excessively tiled floor material in the Grineer Asteroid Onslaught tile.
Fixed crashes that could occur when leaving Onslaught due to Warframe abilities still being active when Zone gets destroyed.

### Fixes
Fixed crashing when using a Warframe Specter equipped with a Zaw.
Fixed violent flickering when the opaque part of the Mithra Syandana is offscreen.
Fixed the glass on Gara's Silica Helmet not breaking.
Fixed some audio pops by reverting XAudio2 voice recycling changes
will investigate further!

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Update 22.19.0
**Date:** 2018-05-02T18:30:06Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
A new Grineer Sealab Defense tile has been added to Uranus!

### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Update 22.19.0:
Chroma Thyrus Skin by StenchFury
Chroma Graxx Skin by Faven
Loki Erebus Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Mag Ferro Skin by Master Noob
Mesa Marlet Skin by Cheshire and prosetisen
Nyx Aurelia Skin by Hitsu San
Rhino Scarab Sect Skin by Mz-3
Volt Fulgursor Skin by Vulbjorn, the graphical walrus.
Gara Silica Helmet by Arsenal
Ak-Sura Syandana by malayu and Cobalt
Despot Cape Syandana by Volkovyi and Sab531
Due Volpi Syandana by Volkovyi and led2012
Mithra Syandana by lukinu_u
Mushussu Syandana by StenchFury
Sovereign Syandana by BeastBuster
Lympharis Polearm Skin by lukinu_u*
*The Lympharis Skin was initially uploaded as a Staff Skin but for consistency with the TennoGen program, it has been altered slightly to be a Polearm Skin.
Khora's Whipclaw animation has been updated to better reflect the aim direction.
Operators can no longer be targeted for Venari to Heal. This follows precedent with other Warframe abilities not being castable on Operators.
Fixed Venari's ability stats and passive speed buff UI appearing to be affected by Efficiency Mods. Ability Strength Mods are what applies to Venari's abilities/passive.
Fixed Venari's Heal being permanently active when equipping negative Duration Mods on Khora.
Fixed not being able to see Venari's hold indicator when switching postures.
Fixed incorrect icon displaying for Venari's Healing posture.
Fixed Venari script error that would occur if you're controlling the Operator when Venari respawns.
Fixed Venari not disappearing when playing an Archwing mission as Khora.
Fixed a case of Khora getting the Venari speed buff HUD icon when Venari fails to spawn.
Fixed Venari attacking you in the Simulacrum Arsenal when Friendly Fire is enabled.
Fixed Whipclaw not spreading damage across multiple Strangledomes if it hits enemies trapped in more than one.
Fixed Khora Whipclaw/Strangledome synergy not using all Mods on extra Strangledome targets.
Fixed enemies bodies being auto-destroyed when falling from Strangledome that are not going to be sliced. Enemies that get that extra Strangledome slice will be auto-destroyed.
Fixed Strangledome turning MOA enemies invisible.
Fixed a crash when Transferring to the Operator when Khora is equipped.
Fixes towards possible motion blur on Khora's spikes in the Liset.
Fixed Khora's spikes being visible when viewing Navigation.
Removed Kuria's from Onslaught tiles since Simaris does not allow the use of gear in the Sanctuary.
Sahasa Kubrows can no longer dig up Resources in Onslaught.
Fixed several Host migration issues in Onslaught.
Fixed a Lua Onslaught tile having doors that appeared unlocked due to incorrect materials.
Fixed End of Mission rank being A
when aborting before a Zone has been completed.
A buff icon for Toxic Lash is now displayed so you can see the bonus (ie: after Growing Power, Energy Conversion, and other temporary power-strength buffs are applied).
Zaw Strikes Sepfahn, Rabvee, Dokram and handles Korb and Shtung now have a chance to be used in Hok's Daily Specials.
Ash can no longer Teleport to Cameras and Turrets, as it usually results in placing Ash outside of the map.
Melee head kills now count as headshots (they already counted towards the "Get 10 headshots" challenge). Face-crit-multiplier-ahoy!
Improved enemy navigation in the Corpus Outpost Defense tile.
Optimizations for memory/CPU by improving XAudio2 voice recycling.
Shortened "Warframe Animation Sets" to just "Animation Sets" in the Market category since it's redundant and crowds the box.
Reduced the casting speed of Mag's Crush in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of Khora's Venari in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of the Dual Keres in Conclave.
Fixed avatars spawned from Warframe abilities being highlighted as enemies to their creator in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed Operators not being able to slide/roll in some cases.
Fixed insanely fast computers not being able to transition to Cetus from the Plains.
Fixed Exodia Contagion's interaction with Covert Lethality, resulting in the +100 damage being applied to the projectile damage multiplier instead of the base projectile damage.
Fixed Exodia Epidemic ground slam wave counting towards finisher damage instead of the intended explosion damage.
Fixed Thrown weapons equipped with Power Throw scaling with the range from Wukong's Iron Vault Augment.
Fixed Naramon's Void Stalker Critical Chance buff being applied to non-Melee weapons.
Fixed Nezha's Reaping Chakram damage not getting doubled for every enemy hit for Clients.
Fixed Opticor and beam weapons sometimes not being able to hit Corpus Nullifier bubbles.
Fixed players and enemies colliding with the Nullifier's weakpoint. Thwarted no longer shall be any attempts to vertically depart that ability-bereft spherical hellscape.
Fixed Pets disappearing after Warframe dies and Revives, even though the Pet was alive before their owner's death.
Fixed Pets losing loyalty when they shouldn't/not losing loyalty when they should.
Fixed a pickup prompt appearing in Simaris' Relay Sanctuary.
More fixes towards crashes related to XAudio2 xWma voice recycling.
Fixed a crash where the audio device is lost and fails to initialize.
Fixed one rare crash that could occur when audio device is lost.
Fixed some Captura Scenes resulting in an automatic "mission failed" and booting you back your Orbiter after 15 minutes.
More fixes towards cases of 'Supercat' Kavat issues.
Fixed Sentinel customization selection not reflected in the Cetus Arsenal when hovering over them.
Fixed Archwings using its default colors when trying to copy default Warframe colors onto Archwing items.
Fixed coming back to the Relay from a mission/Simulacrum would pause your Kubrow, resulting in him/her standing in one place forever.
Fixed selecting "Return to Orbiter" in the Simulacrum and then cancelling would cause you to end up in your Orbiter if you then used "Return to Relay".
Fixed script error when switching modes in your loadout where the Warframe in the previous mode was Chroma/Nidus/Equinox and the Warframe in the new mode is Khora.
Fixed Zaw Components spot loading when hovering over them in the Arsenal.
Fixed Client projectiles not getting destroyed which can result in performance issues.
Fixed ambient sounds disappearing in certain areas of Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed level holes in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.8
**Date:** 2018-04-27T23:14:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.8:
Whipclaw will apply to and benefit from the Melee combo counter.
All enemies caught in the Strangledome will take half of Whipclaw's attack damage when one enemy in the Strangledome is hit with Whipclaw.
Hitting an Ensnared enemy with Whipclaw will cause the living metal to propagate.
Ensnare affects multiple enemies. When an enemy is Ensnared, the living metal will propagate and pull in every enemy within range for 75% reduced duration. The living metal Ensnaring enemies will then propagate a second time to pull in another wave of enemies within range.
Procs no longer wake up Ensnared enemies.
Venari fights independently until she receives a command. Khora's third ability (Venari) overrides Venari's target, as indicated by the icon over Khora's head.
Commanding Venari while in the Heal posture without a valid target will command Venari to heal Khora.
Companion mods like Animal Instinct have been fixed so they will work properly on Venari.
Venari deals Slash damage to enemies instead of Impact damage.
Ability Strength Mods on Khora now affect Venari abilities.
Changed casting animation to better reflect that Strangledome is cast from Khora's body placement and chains now reflect custom Accent color!
Once an enemy dies in the Strangledome, they will drop to the floor, making room for new victims.
Removed the increased Efficiency drain when you hit Zone 20 in Sanctuary Onslaught and from Elite Sanctuary Onslaught when you hit Zone 14. Efficiency drain will hit its max rate in Zone 16 of Sanctuary Onslaught and Zone 15 of Elite Sanctuary Onslaught.
Added more tiers of increasingly higher level enemies in both Sanctuary Onslaught and Elite Sanctuary Onslaught:
Sanctuary Onslaught
Level 80-100 in Zone 15
Level 110-130 in Zone 20
Level 130-150 in Zone 25
Elite Sanctuary Onslaught
Level 200-220 in Zone 20
Level 250-280 in Zone 25
Removed unnecessary ice environment textures in the Grineer Shipyard Onslaught tile. 
Removed an Orokin Derelict tile from Onslaught that was too small
this means that Zone 12 of Elite will have a new tile.
Removed an Infested Corpus Onslaught tile that was deemed unsuitable for the Simulation.
The Daily Focus limit has been increased based on the formula (will be in effect after the daily reset):
250,000 + (Mastery Rank * 5,000)
Peculiar Bloom will now spawn a max of 5 flowers per target. Flowers so beautiful they hurt ya perf.

### Fixes
Fixed crashes related to XAudio2 xWma voice recycling.
Fixed the Loki Prime Glyphs description being unlocalized.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.7
**Date:** 2018-04-25T21:12:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.7:
Player experiences and data determined that enemy scaling was broken and not consistent with game modes outside of Onslaught. A more descriptive and in-depth read can be viewed here: 
Khora Blueprints have been removed from Elite rewards and replaced with Radiant Axi Relics. Other Relics have moved around rotations to fit
see our drop-table site for full drops!
Removed the Rank 30 Warframe requirement from Sanctuary Onslaught
remains a requirement for Elite Onslaught.
Certain Onslaught tiles now have a 20% chance of having an environmental hazard.
Increased Specimen spawns in the Corpus Gas City Onslaught tile and Grineer Fortress Onslaught tile.
Reverted the addition of more types of Grineer, Corpus, and Infested Specimens to Onslaught. More testing will be done for these Specimens and added in at a later time.
Removed more tiles that were leading to Specimen navigation issues.
Removed physical lockers and containers from the Void Onslaught tile.
Removed Simaris line referring to 'comrades' when Conduit is closing to eliminate possibility of referencing other players when running Solo.
A prompt will appear that indicates you need to have a Rank 30 Warframe (Elite) and have completed The New Strange quest when selecting Sanctuary Onslaught if you do not meet those requirements.
Quill Onkko has added a Cetus Wisp to his Offerings in Cetus. These can be purchased with Quill Standing for Architect level Tenno.
Only a maximum of 4 Mine Ospreys will spawn at any given moment.
Tweaked the Hagoromo Zephyr Skin to improve the metallicness of the metal and toned down the grime textures as requested by the creator.

### Fixes
Fixes towards crashing when entering a Conduit.
Fixed rejoining right before the Conduit materializes can prevent it from spawning.
Fixed invulnerability not being applied/removed correctly in various scenarios of jumping through the Conduit as the Operator.
Fixed some Onslaught tiles having permanent Fire hazards due to explosive barrels.
Fixed Wukong's Primal Fury adding increased Range to all Melee weapons instead of just his Iron Staff.
Fixed initial Conduit not showing at correct size for Clients.
Fixed minor performance issue and crashing during the 'Protect the Moon' phase of The Second Dream.
Fixed Dark Split-Sword Affinity and Focus being lost when a Host migration occurs.
Fixed Venari UI stats overlapping text when Dual Wielding.
Fixed the Vala Sugatra Prime not attaching properly to weapons.
Fixed a script error related to Wall Latching.
Fixed button callout showing wrong icon when swapping Move/Look to opposite sticks when using a controller.
Fixed Venari's loadout slot appearing in the Conclave Arsenal even if Khora is not equipped. Interacting with Venari's loadout slot would result in a crash.

## Beasts of the Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.6
**Date:** 2018-04-24T18:41:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Beasts Of The Sanctuary: Hotfix 22.18.6:
Added more types of Grineer, Corpus, and Infested Specimens to Onslaught.
Overhauled the Onslaught Void tile by adding more Specimen spawns and improving Specimen navigation throughout the tile.
Fixed a loss of functionality when trying to launch Onslaught with a rank Friends list).
Toned down some fog effects in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Improved performance issues when firing the Furis or Kohm.

### Fixes
Fixes towards cases of selected Bounty disappearing or failing when transitioning to the Plains from Cetus. 
Fixes towards the Cetus gates not opening, resulting in losing your rewards.
Fixed missing objective markers for Host and Clients in the Kuva Fortress Mobile Defense tileset.
Fixed Kuva Fortress Mobile Defense terminal becoming invulnerable after a Host Migration.
Fixed marked enemies carrying Kuva Catalysts disappearing after a Host migration in Kuva Survival.
Fixed cases of Beam weapons not correctly damaging the Nullifier Bubble.
Fixed the Stug blowing up in your face when it is used with Mirage's Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed Nezha's Blazing Chakram not displaying a Damage stat in the Arsenal.
Fixed Wukong's Iron Staff not getting as large/buffed as it should be for Clients during melee combos. 
Fixed Sentinel Regen Mod not resetting when transitioning back and forth from Cetus to the Plains.
Fixed your mysterious Orbiter guest missing their body sometimes.
Fixed Clients not seeing Exodia Force FX.
Fixed Operators being able to give a 'secondary weapon' to Rescue Targets.
Fixed being able to hide in areas unreachable by enemies in the Grineer Settlement tileset.
Fixed a script error when using Itzal's Penumbra ability.
Fixed Warframe Conclave stats appearing inconsistent in the Arsenal.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.17.2
**Date:** 2018-04-10T17:59:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.17.2:
If you already wield the power of these Primes, they will remain in your Inventory. If you already hold Relics in your inventory that house these Primes, they will remain in your inventory and you may continue to play them.
Corrected some Sugatra positioning on Infested Zaws.
Updated many Glyph descriptions formatting and removed mentions of "Skin" in some.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.17.1 - 22.17.1.1
**Date:** 2018-04-05T18:31:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
(console players: Plague Star will be returning to PS4 & Xbox One in the future!)
### Additions
Added option to Return to Orbiter from the Simulacrum.

### Changes
Operation: Plague Star Is Going Live On Pc April 5th
April 17th!:
Rally your Squad and defend the Plains of Eidolon!
A mysterious meteorite has crashed just outside of Cetus revealing a horrific boil. The boil is growing and the Ostrons have sighted infested lifeforms emerging from it. We need to act now before they make their way to Cetus.
Konzu has received reports that Vay Hek possesses a toxin that can destroy the boil. But Vay Hek won't help; he sees this infested boil as a means to rid the Plains of Cetus and the Ostrons.
We need to get ahold of the toxin and destroy the boil before it becomes unstoppable. Visit Konzu in Cetus to learn his plan for retrieving the toxin from Vay Hek.
More details can be found here:
Tweaked Inaros' Ramses Skin material by adjusting the shaders so the colors don't appear as muted.
Switched metal texture in the Accent slot to a more accurate metal.
Taveuni node on the Kuva Fortress now indicates that it's a Kuva Survival as opposed to a regular Survival.
Removed a tile in the Kuva Fortress Survival tileset that had recurring spawning problems.
Fixed Life Support Towers sometimes not accepting Kuva Catalysts.
Fixed new incoming Life Support Towers sometimes overlapping Towers which were activated and had yet to disappear.
Fixed "Time" on Kuva Harvester UI only being localized to the Host's language.
Fixed Kuva Catalyst pickup and Life Support warning transmissions playing more than once.
Fixed Kuva Harvester UI overlapping and lingering on screen.
Fixed some confusing marker pathing in certain Kuva Fortress tiles.
Incoming Life Support markers now show in-world and flash, instead of on the minimap only.
The Extraction marker now shows at every rotation C for 60 seconds (as well as the original 5 mins), and when players are at Extraction and triggered the countdown.
Small Survival pickup markers no longer stick to screen edges to reduce clutter.
100k Credits for Unranked Legendary Arcane
300k Credits for Rank 1 Legendary Arcane
600k Credits for Rank 2 Legendary Arcane
1M Credits for Rank 3 Legendary Arcane
Minor changes to Zephyr Hagoromo skin that improve overall aesthetic. 
Azima, Zenistar, and Zenith will now show in your Profile.
Changed Fomorian drop rates to the following:
400 Endo Common (38.72%)
Imperator Vandal Barrel Uncommon (11.28%)
Imperator Vandal Receiver Uncommon (11.28%)
Imperator Vandal Blueprint Common (38.72%)

### Fixes
Fixed a loss of functionality when setting an enemy Articula model to 'None'.
Fixed cases of crashing when mounting/dismounting a Dargyn.
Fixed being in a perpetual loading state after accessing the Options Menu when transitioning from the Plains to Cetus (or vice versa). 
Fixed not getting rewards from Ghoul Bounties if they expired while you were still running them.
Fixed crouching as the Operator breaking further animations in certain parts of The War Within quest.
Fixed Ember's Fireblast unintentionally melting Lephantis/Hemocyte heads like a popsicle in July when cast directly on top of them. 
Fixed the Sibear being granted stacking bonuses from charge attacks and those bonuses being persistent when using a Skin.
Fixed cases of Companions being instantly Revived by picking up a Health orb. This also fixes being able to pick up Health orbs when your Health is full and your Companion is downed.
Fixed a Rare item spawning in a stuck location in the Void tileset. 
Fixed the Blueprint Icon background remaining when replacing a Blueprint with Platinum in the Trade screen.
Fixed discrepancies with highlighted Mod Polarity spots when selecting an Exilus Mod. 
Fixed equipping the Hagoromo Helmet on Zephyr Prime resulting in her Prime details disappearing as reported here:
Fixed enemy NPCs not taking cover unless they have an order.
Fixed Enemy Articula size not switching to default when selecting "None" for the enemy type.
Fixed the Corpus Nul Comba Articula missing textures and materials on the shoes.
Fixed the camera continuing to move if you selected Push/Pull while you were in motion while Decorating.
Fixed seeing broken UI when first opening the Gild screen. 
Fixed a nonfunctional color slider when placing a Glyph. 
Fixed missing controller binding icons when in Decoration mode.
Fixed pressing 'Enter' when typing the MOTD not adding a new line and triggering the 'Ok' button, resulting in not being able to write more on multiple lines.
Fixed Chat copying the text being written in the MOTD if the Chat window is open.
Fixed incorrect on-screen marker positioning when using custom aspect ratios.
Fixed the Ayatan Valana Sculpture not being centered properly on the screen.
Fixed camera spacing discrepancies on the Operator Appearance screen.
Fixed incorrectly tinted Syndicate icons when viewing a Syndicate Sigil.
Fixed geometry poking through levels in the Grineer Fortress tileset. 
Fixed an escapable level hole in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed wonky objective markers in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed missing collision on the Orbiter ramp that could cause wonky clipping. 
Fixed a Rampart spawning inside a tree in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed glitching out of an elevator in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed various level holes in Grineer Shipyards tileset. 
Fixed Teshin cinematic not triggering in The War Within. 
Fixed various level holes on Grineer Forest tileset. 
Fixed Companion kills/assists not tracking in the profile screen.
Fixed TennoCon 2018 Sigil showing loc string. 
Fixed players being able to duel themselves. 
Fixed fog that was obscuring skyboxes on several tilesets. 
Fixed Kuva Catalyst being endlessly teleported in one tile of the Fortress. 
Fixed zoning (green wall showing) on Earth Spy tileset. 
Fixed ramp in Derelict Fountain room where AI could get stuck
Fixed unintended shell dropping sound on Telos Boltor
Fixed several instances of the Shrine breaking if players spammed it with Shards. 
Fixed trades failing with several types of items. 
Fixed wall collision in a cave on Grineer Forest tileset where a player camera could clip through. 
Fixed several nav issues on Orokin Derelict tileset that prevented AI from pathing properly.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.17.0 + 22.17.0.1
**Date:** 2018-03-28T18:49:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.17.0:
Removed cramped and maze-like Kuva Fortress tiles that felt unsuitable for an Endless Survival with an Excavation/Defense twist.
Added a repurposed Fortress Defense tile to Kuva Fortress Survival with improved enemy navigation and traversible areas. 
Improved enemy spawn flow and navigation in the Kuva Fortress Survival tilesets.
Operator Void Blast to stun, then Void Dash when stunned to disarm their Kesheg and turn vulnerable.
No stun state required. Operator Void Blast OR Void Dash to disarm their Kesheg and turn vulnerable.
Increased base Health from 300 to 400.
Slightly increased the Fire Rate of their Twin Rogga .
Guardian Health type is now in line with the rest of Grineer.
Weaker against Heat and Viral but more resistant to Gas.
Added a pulsing red glow around Kuva Guardians for a few seconds to depict when they are vulnerable (similar to the Teralyst).
Increased the Commander Switch Teleport cast time to 2 seconds instead of being almost instant, and added a casting sound indication.
Both Grineer Commander and his target will glow orange during his Switch Teleport cast.
Bullet Jumping or dodge rolling can now break you out of the Switch Teleport. Previously the only way to avoid being Switch Teleported is to kill the Commander while he is casting. 
Switch Teleport now delivers a Knockdown Status debuff after being teleported (unless Modded to avoid or minimize Knockdowns).

### Fixes
Fixed Rotation A in easy Defense missions rewarding Neo B4 Relic instead of the intended Lith H2 Relic. 
Fixed a loss of functionality for Clients that occured when loading into a mission from the Observatory if player from another Clan is in the Dojo when Observatory is constructed.
Fixed inability to invite a member to your squad after a mission is started from the Dojo Observatory.
Fixed joining a Fissure mission resulting in the Reactant UI counter being stuck at 0.
Fixed cases of the Eidolon Shrine Shard context action disappearing for Clients. 
Fixed being able to cast Warframe abilities on Pherliac Pods. 
Fixed cases of the Teralyst literally dissolving when killed with the Acrid.
Fixed being able to Scan objects once as a Warframe and then again as the Operator.
Fixed cases of being Revived in Spectator Mode in the Plains.
Fixed becoming stuck in Limbo's Rift when attempting to enter Cetus by spamming roll while transitioning from the Plains.
Fixed being stuck in a perpetual loading state when accessing the Options menu while transitioning from Cetus to the Plains. 
Fixed Zephyr not entering her Bleedout state when charging up Tail Wind or hovering in the air with Tail Wind and becoming downed.
Fixed Limbo rolling instead of dashing after dismounting a Dargyn.
Fixed a long delay on Syndicate Medallion UI counter appearing.
Fixed persisting muffled sound when casting Ash's Smoke Shadow Augment as reported here:
Fixed Syndicate Syandanas not appearing in the 'MISC' tab of their respective offerings.
Fixed a Storage Container in the Grineer Settlement tileset that was sunken into the ground.
Fixed a Corpus Container in the Corpus Gas City tileset spawning in wonky locations.
Fixed doors not rendering in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed rock geometry poking through levels in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed a teleport volume preventing Decoration placement in the Personal Quarters display case.
Fixed not being able to edit/move Decorations placed in certain spots in the Orbiter as reported here:
Fixed missing teleport volumes in the Orokin Tower Extraction Scene. 
Fixed Blueprints displaying the objects Rank when viewed in your Inventory.
Fixed a Grineer standing still for easy pickins' in Vor's Prize.
More fixes towards Kubrows appearing much larger for Clients visiting an Orbiter.
Fixed the Operator blocking Mod screen UI when accessing it in Cetus.
Fixed Kavats equipped with Mischief appearing headless after a Host migration occured.
Fixed the flag for the Corpus Corporate Flag detaching when moving it around.
Fixed Clients getting a "Members have left" prompt when attempting to launch a mission from a Dojo Observatory.
Fixed hearing Incubator sounds when in the Arsenal or Mod menu.
Fixed hearing Foundry sounds when in the Foundry menu.
Fixed Eidolon Lens Blueprints missing their 'Conversion' text.
Fixed Star Chart Node information UI appearing off screen on 4K monitors.
Fixed Arcane description being partially cut off on the last line if it extends past the text area.
Fixed objective markers disappearing when underwater in Archwing.
Fixed line breaks in the wrong places for Arcane descriptions in some non-English languages.
Fixed the Trading text going outside the UI box when localized in French.
Fixed some Emblems and Sigils being Chat linkable.
Fixed darkly lit Archwing Arsenal.
Fixed a script error that occured when casting Atlas' Rumblers or when his Rumbles died.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Mastery Rank Up while in the Syndicate screen.
Fixed a script error when joining an invalid session by invite.
Fixed a script error that occurred when your Sentinel died.
Fixed a script error that occurred after failing a Rescue mission.
Fixed a script error when modifying Chat Filters.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.5 + 22.16.5.1
**Date:** 2018-03-21T21:38:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.5:

### Fixes
Fixed Zephyr Prime, Tiberon Prime, and Kronen Prime (and their respective Relics) not having Codex entries. This resulted in the inability to Chat Link the items and their Relics if you did not own them.
Fixed Kela De Thaym's fight not progressing to the final boss room, resulting in her fight being incompletable. 
Fixed crashes on some 32-bit systems caused by 100 MB of memory reserved by disabled GPU particles prototype. These crashes were predominately noticed when loading into the Plains or a Void Sabotage tileset.
Fixed invincible Warframe and inability to Transference back to Operator as reported here:
Fixed not being able to Duel as the Operator in the Dojo.
Fixed some Ghoul Bounties only being available for 1 minute before refreshing. 
Fixed Hoks Daily Special not displaying the weapon type in its stats.
Fixed being stuck flying around in a Dargyn when exiting right when it is destroyed.
Fixed hit sound playing at unexpected time for Nova's Molecular Prime explosions and Gara's Shatter Shield.
Fixed Javlok throwing sound playing when equipping Mods in Arsenal.
Fixed overlapping markers in the Advanced Plains Map.
Fixed Warframe abilities being disabled in Dojo Duels.
Fixed spot-loading cases when attempting to use Transference in the Dojo Dueling room.
Fixed a rare script error that would lead to a loss of functionality in the Star Chart.
Fixed a script error that can occur when picking up Rubble generated by Atlas' Petrify ability.
Fixed a script error that can occur when the Rescue Target is killed.
Fixed a script error when using Scanners (Codex/Synthesis) and Nosam Cutters.
Fixed a crash when attempting to Duel in the Dojo.
Fixed broken Kuva Siphon/Flood missions.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Zephyr Prime 22.16.4
**Date:** 2018-03-20T17:58:34Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added "Edit Next/Previous Camera position" buttons in the Advanced Camera Controls in Captura.

### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Zephyr Prime 22.16.4:
Vauban Prime, Fragor Prime and Akstiletto Prime have entered the Prime Vault, and their Relics are no longer be obtainable in the game.
*If you already wield the power of these Primes or if you already hold Relics in your inventory that house these Primes, they will remain in your inventory.
Melee combo multiplier now applies to the radial blast of Exodia Force. This also fixes Exodia Force not scaling off of Modded Damage.
Increased Status Chance from 5%/10%/15%/20% to 5%/20%/35%/50%.
Changed Damage from 80%/100%/120%/150% to 50%/100%/150%/200%.
Changed Radius from 5/6/7/8 meters to 3/4/5/6 meters.
You can now Transference to your Operator in the Dojo!
Opened more previously locked treasure walls in the Void.
You can now add Camera Positions in between already existing Camera Positions by going into edit mode in Captura.
Removed forced full screen when Steam Big Picture mode is enabled.
Decoration Placement changes not work properly with the Steam controller.
Reduced Lotus transmission frequency in Survival missions. 
Increased Leaderboard placement icon size to be more visible.

### Fixes
Fixed a UI issue where Clients appeared to deal 0 damage when attacking a Teralyst Synovia.
Fixed a case where using Tail Wind hover and hitting a ceiling immediately causes Zephyr to remain grounded and enter hover when she moves.
Fixed Nekros' Soul Punch projectile not affecting nearby enemies.
Fixed Ash's Bladestorm ability timer not displaying '0' when 0 enemies are marked.
Fixed Zenith Alt-Fire not being able to shoot through all objects with respect to those that prevent Punch Through.
Fixed not being able to change your Landing Craft Livery Skin as reported here: 
Fixed cases of the ultimate crossover of Cetus in the Sky as reported here: 
Fixed squad Host being able to change selected Bounty while voting is still in progress.
Fixed Bounty not activating if it's still being voted on before entering the Plains.
Fixed "Cancel Mission" text appearing instead of "Clear Vote" for Hosts when voting on Bounties.
Fixed being unable to select Upgrade or Appearance in the Arsenal when using a controller.
Fixed enemies being able to kill you in Captura.
Fixed not being able to navigate Captura functions with the Steam controller.
Fixed Nidus' Mutation not working when in the Relay Arsenal. 
Fixed Quills' Offerings menu resetting back to the 'ALL' tab after purchasing an Amp from the 'AMPS' tab.
Fixed flickering Amps when selecting an Amp during Operator customization. 
Fixed mission objective markers behaving weirdly in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed AI navigation issues near doors and stairs in the Void Defense tileset.
Fixed AI navigation/spawning issues in the Grineer Forest Defense tileset.
Fixed a random elevator mesh in the Void tileset.
Fixed being unable to access the ESC Menu when accessing it from the Ayatan Treasures screen.
Fixed a rare script error when changing matchmaking to Solo.
Fixed a script error that broke transmissions. 
Fixed a script error relating to Mirage.
Edited change from Update 22.16.0:

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.3
**Date:** 2018-03-16T21:21:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.3:
You can now dodge/roll out of Zephyr's Tail Wind hover! This change also fixes getting locked out of all other actions for the duration of Tail Wind if a dodge/roll was initiated while charging. 
Improved enemy accuracy when attempting to attack the Void Defense Cryopod by tweaking the Cryopod target points and surrounding cover/attacking spots.
Decoration Placement Push/Pull option now uses a free in/out motion instead of using a 1m grid.
Updated Afuris description to read "reload speed" instead of "reload time".

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash that occurred when joining a Plains squad right when the Host attempts to return to Cetus.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Decorate if you used the Dojo Architect to enter Decoration Mode.
Fixed a script error when attempting to access the Market from the ESC menu while installing a Star in an Ayatan.
Fixed Decorations not always rotating smoothly on the selected axis.
Fixed leaderboard placement notification not appearing if you entered the top 20 from a lower position. (It would only appear if you were in the top 20 and then moved up)
Fixed an issue where the cursor position (in the Ayatan installation screen) wasn't accurate for PC players when using a controller.
Fixed grammatical text error in the Arcane Manager where it should be singular 'Warframe' instead of plural 'Warframes'.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.2
**Date:** 2018-03-16T17:57:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.2:
Enabled custom binding of "Sprint/Roll" and "Toggle Crouch" on Controllers (but neither bound by default).
Invisibility muffle sound effects will now properly apply the Hit Notifications.
Pox will no longer play Hit Notification sounds on Damage over Time ticks.
Made the difference between head shot Hit Notifications and head shot kill sound more clear.
Operator Void Beam and Mote Amps will no longer play Hit Notification sounds to be in-line with other Beam weapons.

### Fixes
Fixed not being able to pick up the Nav Segment in Vor's Prize, thus not being able to complete the tutorial.
Fixed crashing when attempting to provide Fish over the Standing cap.
Fixed loading into the Plains without an open session, meaning you were left alone in that big big world with just your thoughts.
Fixed Nekros' Shadows of the Dead clones not attacking enemies. 
Fixed the game having insane blur like you just dived into a bucket of Vaseline with your glasses on and then ran through a wind tunnel. At least that's, uh... what a friend told me it's like.
Fixed not being able to rotate the camera when decorating.
Fixed erroneous lighting patches in Vor's Prize.
Fixed Mandachord song previews and soundpacks being muted.
Fixed erroneous FX on Limbo's Stasis ability.
Fixed the Aksomati firing sound playing when selecting/mousing over the Aksomati in the Arsenal.
Fixed the Aranya Planter pot being left behind when attempting to remove it in the Orbiter or Dojo. 
Fixed a clipping crate seen in the Grineer Galleon Spy tileset.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.16.1
**Date:** 2018-03-16T00:39:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Removed some sneaky [PH] Text.

### Fixes
Fixed a number of crashes related to the Mainline deployment. 
Fixed an issue with Dojo Polychrome not working. 
Fixed two progression stoppers in the Ceres Sabotages mission
clients killing the Core or a Host Migration. 
Fixed Fish Bait and Dye Blueprints not appearing under Fishing category in the Foundry.
Fixed Steam FX Decoration appearing black when placing in the Dojo.
Fixed an issue where 'Reset to Defaults' in the Options screen was not setting Gamepad Auto-detection (or Icon set) back to their default values.
Fixed an issue where there was no Gamepad button assigned to 'forgot password'. 
Fixed some Operator amps not properly destroying Kuva clouds.
Fixed new/fresh Void Strike buffs not applying properly after your warframe died while the buff was active.
 Fixed decorations being a contribution option for Alliance Vault if you don't have TREASURER permission in the guild.
 Fixed Inaros specter getting stuck in casting 2.
We also fixed HUD breakage and Plains crashes
There are some other known issues we are working on, including Nekros' Shadows of the Dead not functioning properly as well as Vor's Prize.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.16.0
**Date:** 2018-03-15T20:27:52Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a Chat command to enable 'Do Not Disturb' (offline mode). Enabling this will prevent any new Private Messages and mission invites from appearing. If you have a private conversation tab active or if you initiate a private conversation, you will still be able to communicate.
Enable Do Not Disturb by typing /offline in Chat
Disable Do Not Disturb by typing /online in Chat
Added new placeable Orbiter Decorations:
Equinox Day-Form Noggle
Equinox Night-Form Noggle
Equinox Combined-Form Noggle
Ropaka Planter
Daaru Planter
Aranya Planter
Kukkura Pet Bed
You can now customize your Operator and access your Focus Trees while in Cetus! 
Added "Mission Time" to the End of Mission screen under STATS. 
Added Fishing, Amps, Zaws and Mining categories to the Foundry.
If you do not own items that are in these categories, you will not see the respective Foundry tabs.
Added FEATURES, BODY, and AMP categories to the Operator customizations options. 
Added a description to the Meditate Emote.
A pose to focus one's mind. 
Added a slight delay on when accessing the Star Chart so you can still see your Warframe kneel before the planets come into view. 
Added confirmation dialogues to most of the options in the Warframe launcher.

### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.16.0:
First, it's worth mentioning this is largely rooted in improved functionality across the board. We do plan on releasing even more updates soon with further lighting improvements and the 'Build your Own Obstacle Course', so keep checking back for that.
And now, the Remaster!
With this Remaster we've aimed to do a few things:
Give you better decorating tools.
Offer you more decorations.
Give you more functionality in the Dojo.
*Please note that the following items cannot be contributed to the Clan Vault:
All Articulas, Displays, and unique items (Neewa's Drawings, etc)
Ambulas Noggle
Stalker Noggle
Shadow Debt Noggles (Acolytes)
Kuria Statuette
Sacred Vessel
Oro Ornament
Rell's Donda
Prominence Wisp Totem
Thousand-Year Fish Statuette
Ayatan Sculptures
we know many of you enjoy creating monstrous creatures out of Ayatan, but we want to prevent any Endo tears from accidental non-refundable donations. Once everyone familiarizes themselves with this new 'Decorations in the Vault are permanent' we'll loosen this restriction.
Mission type and difficulty level
Planet and node
Open spots in your squad
A whole new setting called Controller Interface now allows you to have the option of AutoDetect! AutoDetect will try to detect what you're using, when you use it. So if you prefer the drag-n-drop functionality of the Mods screen, you can keep using a mouse to do that and see the regular keyboard and mouse UI, however, when you next pick up a controller and press a button, the UI will detect that and refresh to show you controller button Icons instead.
Within the Controller Interface you can also permanently toggle on/off the controller interface, which forces the UI into either regular (keyboard and mouse) mode, or controller mode (this works separately from auto-detection and Steam Big Picture mode).
Lastly, you can now choose the UI Icon set under the new setting Controller Icon Set. You can choose between XB1, XB 360, PS4, Steam, and AutoDetect (AutoDetect is essentially XB1). However, using a Steam controller will always result in Steam Icons.
Improved how precisely you can alter the Camera Duration slider (increment by 0.1 when using the arrow buttons next to the slider). This means that the minimum speed for Camera movements is now lower!
Improved optimization of Advanced Captura Mode.
The playing Camera will now stop if you decide to edit a Camera Position while it's playing.
Improvements for adding/removing Camera Positions while camera is playing in Captura.
Brilliant/Radiant Shards are not removed from player inventory until the respective Eidolon spawns.
Players can now remove their Shard after inserting it into the Shrine (until the Eidolon spawns, at which point it is removed from their inventories and consumed by the Shrine).
All Shards are removed from the Shrine and returned to Player inventories if a Host migration occurs before the Eidolon spawns.
All Shards are removed from the Shrine and returned to Player inventories if Night ends before the respective Eidolon spawns.
All Shards are removed from the Shrine and returned to Player inventories if players extract from that Plains before the Eidolon spawns.
Vomvalysts no longer drop Sentient Cores when they are auto-'killed' at sunrise. Unlike vampires, Vomvalysts are not killed by the sun, they just "go back to where they came from".
Based on feedback we are making some changes to the intensity of Visual Effects in Warframe, especially in the context of Eidolon fights!
Reduced some visual noise/lens flares on numerous Warframe abilities.
Reduced some visual noise/lens flares on the Operator Amp explosions/melee burst.
Greatly toned down lens flare brightness and durations of Teralyst abilities (and variants)to help with visual clutter.
Improved handling of rare cases of cache-corruption that would lead to crashes on startup.
Improved hitbox sizes on the Eidolon Synovias (weak points) to make them easier to hit/target when moving.
Fixed an extra "0" damage number popping up for every instance of damage dealt to a Teralyst Synovia. Shotguns will therefore no longer shower the Teralyst with a confetti of zeroes when hitting a weak-point.
Boltor Prime Status Chance increased from 32% to 34%.
The Shard selection screen will now show you how many Brilliant or Radiant Shards you have available to convert into Focus (originally this number would only be available to you once you had selected what Shard type you wanted to convert).
Reveal hidden contents
Opened arbitrarily locked Void doors/walls that held Rare items. It's been known for awhile now that the classic combination of Punch Through + Vacuum could grab these items for you, but now it's open season for all!
Reduced the requirements for "Kill X Dargyns with a Bow" Riven challenge to bring the intended difficulty and time commitment in line with other Riven challenges.
Existing Rivens with this challenge are unaffected
Fish Bait descriptions now also indicate what time of day that the respective fish will spawn. 
Slightly changed the color of each Fishing Spear to better identify which Spear you're equipping.
Changed the Fishing Spear Icons in Fisher Hai-Luk's store to focus more on the Spear tip to better identify each Spear. 
You can now search for Zaws in your Inventory via their Entitled name.
Updated the look of Nekros' Shadows of the Dead minions to help players better differentiate between them and real enemies.
Updated the Verismo Syandana and Boltor Bravura Skin material to appear more metallic (for improved reflections and highlighting) to better match the Octavia Maestra Skin. 
A special UI message is now displayed when picking up a Syndicate Medallion or Cetus Wisp (similar to Argon Crystal). 
You can now re-open the Ambulas boss doors from the outside if you're an unlucky Tenno who got locked out of the arena cause your squad initiated the boss fight without you.
Improved Archwing camera movements to clean up issues of janky jittering. 
Removed the option to Install a Focus Lens on a Gilded Amp since a Rank 30 Amp is required for that action.
Changed the Venomous Clip Archwing Mod to reflect the same Cost and Drain of other elemental Mods for Archwing.
Removed UI Buff indicators for Focus passives that are active 100% of the time with the exception of Vazarin's Mending Soul. 
Updated LOC for the "Vigilante Fervor" description to better describe what it does. 
Ayatans (with the same type and socket layout) placed as Orbiter Decorations can now be placed back to back as per: 
Infested Ancients will now attempt to attack in more ways than just knockdowns and pulls when you're within melee range. 
Failed Bounty squads will now be locked to prevent players from joining an already failed Bounty.
Improved Sky Archwing banking movements to reduce doing so accidentally.
You can now shoot while initiating Afterburner in Sky Archwing. 
Placing in the top 20 in a weekly Leaderboard with at least 50 entries will now show a notification about your placement!
Sentinels and their weapons will now display stats when Chat linked and viewed in the Codex.
TennoGen items are now linkable in chat! 
Nezha Dracun Skin default tints updated to lighten the dark tint and better match workshop images.
Tweaked the Mithra Mirage Skin colors to better reflect the Steam Workshop images.
Updated the Sarva Harness textures by request of the creator.
Increased the opening speed of doors in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Removed the ability to purchase multiple of the same Helmet/Syandana from the Market. With the changes to how Arcanes are equipped, buying multiple of the same Helmet/Syandana is not necessary. 
Updated the Vignette Bundle description to indicate it includes 2 Warframe Articulas.
The Market previews will now display your current equipped Warframe/Sentinel when viewing Armor Bundles. 
Operator Amps will now display their modular parts in the Operator Customization screen.
Improved AI navigation in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Improved AI navigation in the Grineer Sealab Defense tileset.
Improved AI navigation in the Grineer Galleon Survival tileset.
Improved AI navigation in the Corpus Ice Planet Defense tileset.
Improved AI navigation in the Corpus Outpost Rescue tileset.
Improved AI navigation and cover techniques in the Lua Defense tileset.
Updated all lowercase mentions of 'Grineer', 'Corpus' and 'Warframe' to be uniformly uppercase across the entire game in all languages.
Updated the Elite Frontier Lancer Codex image model.
Tweaked the glow FX on the Verismo Syandana. 
Increased the number of items shown on the 'Most Used' list under your Profile & added the ability to scroll the list using your mouse. 
Made slight edits to the Mastery Rank up description so that it reads better.
Increased textbox width for Arcane text in Arcane Manager screen.

### Fixes
Fixed crash that would occur if you left Navigation open staring at blinking unfinished nodes on your Star Chart for 7 hours.
Fixed a loss of functionality caused by trying to simultaneously take a Companion out of Stasis and Previewing them while using a controller.
Fixed a progression stopper in the Raptor boss fight that was caused by the Host picking up the bomb and having it explode.
Fixed 'back' button in Advanced Camera Controls not working (ESC key still worked).
Fixes towards Eidolon Hunt Bounties insta-failing after transitioning to the Plains from Cetus.
Fixed Sentient Cores disappearing after a host migration.
Fixed dealing slightly less damage to Eidolon Synovias due to obscured hitboxes. 
Fixed replication issue preventing Clients from seeing the explosions from Hydrolyst's bubbles.
Fixed being unable to use your Primary weapon when Transferring in-out of the Operator while holding Volt's Transistor Shield.
Fixed broken animations when viewing a Host remove a Cyst as a Client in their Liset. Your Warframe will now also not disappear (out of disgust?) as a Client while this happens. Sorry, Tenno
if you're going to follow the Host into that room, you're going to watch and you're going to like it!
Fixed Cold Status Effects (and other slowdown effects) cutting Gara's Shattered Lash Damage sweep short.
Fixed the Ceramica Shoulder Armor not attaching on Rhino Prime with the Mastodon Skin equipped. 
Fixed enemies getting stuck when navigating in the Lua Defense tilset.
Fixed an escapable elevator hole in the Void and Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed a rare case where the Camera speed calculations could get stuck in an infinite loop in Captura.
More fixes towards the Cetus gate opening to reveal a black abyss. 
More fixes for numerous edge case UI script errors.
Fixed the Warframe Arcane in the second slot not triggering if the Excalibur Dex Helmet is equipped.
Fixed waypoint marker pathing issues in the Grineer Sealab Tileset.
Fixed being able to deploy Sky Archwing in tight corners on the Plains, resulting in clipping into the Landscape. Players now will not be able to deploy their Archwing in these spaces if there's a possibility of collision with the Plains' geometry.
Fixed an unintended teleport volume in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed a core in the Grineer Forest Tileset that glowed a little too brightly. 
Fixed seeing both your Warframe and Operator in the Arsenal when accessing the Arsenal in Cetus in Operator Mode.
Fixed the Nosam Cutter having increased recoil when playing at a high framerate. 
Fixed excessive bloom in the engine room of the Void during the Second Dream Quest.
Fixed Final Boss health bar remaining on the screen if you continue to play the Wyrmius mini game after defeating it.
Fixed a script error caused by trying to edit Camera Positions while the Camera is playing in Captura.
Fixed inverted logic for dual weapons that alternate their firing hands that resulted in the muzzle flash not matching the animation.
Fixed the Aksomati clip not animating while firing.
Fixed a potential script error causing UI issues when re-entering the Plains.
Fixed a rare crash when entering the Plains as a Client.
Fixed Clients jumping while parrying not cancelling the parry pose on the Host or other Clients (before, you would still see the Client parrying and jumping even though jump cancels it).
Fixed missing Liset and Landing Craft sounds when extracting from the following tilesets:
Lua
Corpus Ice Planet
Grineer Fortress
Grineer Sealab
Grineer Settlement
Grineer Shipyards
Fixed lingering FX after using Zephyr's Tailwind.
Fixed broken wall decals in Grineer Galleon.
Fixed a script error when boarding an Orbiter.
Fixed a potential script error that occured when being attacked by a Vomvalyst. 
Fixed script errors caused by adding/removing Camera Positions while the Camera is Playing in Captura.
Fixed Clients killed in a Dargyn losing the ability to move or rotate the camera properly.
Fixed difficulties with setting values for the Speed Multiplier when the Camera is playing in Captura.
Fixed some non-English text switching between bold and not bold when scrolling in the Market.
Fixed black squares that would occur on rare occasions from Weapon trails.
Fixed reload sounds not playing when applying the Solstice Skin to the Burston Prime.
Fixed missing reflections on metal textures in the Color Key Scene.
Fixed an outdated 'thank you' prompt appearing when purchasing a Loadout Slot.
Fixed Voltage Sequence not applying to Grineer Hellions.
Fixed Excalibur's Radial Blind preventing recastable Abilities from being recast while active.
Fixed jerky movement sounds when tapping forwards and backwards in the Dargyn.
Fixed Nidus' Virulence and Larva sometimes appearing completely black when cast.
Fixed enemies sometimes not getting back up after being hit by Banshee's Resonating Quake.
Fixed enemies auto-crouching in wrong spots in the Grineer Forest Defense Tileset.
Fixed various level holes in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed missing objective waypoint after defeating a Junction Specter.
Fixed unfocused zoom positioning when viewing Navigation.
Fixed not receiving any UI feedback when successfully sending an invite for another player to board your Orbiter. 
Fixed Clients not seeing enemies ragdolled in succession.
Fixed being able to jump infinitely after wall clinging and mounting Ivara's Dashwire.
Fixed players getting trapped in the Helminth Infirmary when visiting a player's Orbiter. 
Fixed a script error when being attacked by certain abilities from the Gantulyst or Hydrolyst. 
Fixed not being able to extract from the Plains if all other squad members are dead.
Fixed Ancient Healer damage reduction Aura negatively affecting the consume rate of Inaros' Devour.
Fixed idle thrusters playing in Sky Archwing when just holding shift without any direction buttons. 
Fixed invite from player in the Plains saying "invite to a game" instead of "invite to Plains of Eidolon: Free Roam". 
Fixed super edge case where if you held down on the left mouse button while right clicking on a name in Chat to open the dropdown list, right clicking again on another area outside of Chat would bring up that list again. 
Fixed a couple of LOC instances where "Tenno" isn't capitalized.
Fixed cases of losing your Sentinel as the Host in the Plains.
Fixed spawning at the beginning of a Corpus Gas City mission if you roll into an elevator before the door closes but after the elevator has already left. 
Fixed Nyx's Mind Control affecting the Stalker and causing him to walk around like he lost something. 
Fixed door to extraction not opening in Rescue missions in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed "you need to enable in settings first" error message in Captura when attempting to turn off Depth of Field with it disabled in your options. 
Fixed error message in Captura when attempting to change the Filter from Neutral with Color Correction disabled in Options. 
Fixed incorrect icons on Grineer Sealab tileset doors in small dead end rooms.
Fixed some cases of enemies continuously rushing to and away from Defense targets.
Fixed getting stuck flying in the air when attempting to exit a Dargyn as it is destroyed.
Fixed the Grustrag 3 targeting enemies instead of the player when spawned with Beacons in Corpus/Infested missions. 
Fixed a level hole in the Plains.
Fixed some collision and holes in the Personal Quarters.
Fixed the Ceramica Bundle description to match the correct names of the Skins.
Fixed the hit boxes on Ambulas' two leg packs to disable when those parts are destroyed, stopping players from hitting it while shooting the empty space where those packs used to be.
Fixed shoulders looking droopy on non-Octavia Warframes when using Narta Emotes.
Fixed missing objective text in The New Strange quest. 
Fixed Cernos Prime's vertical spread not using equipped arrow Skins. 
Fixed UI icons in several locations not appearing with proper shaders. 
Fixed selecting existing Decorations immediately changing the placement position. 
Fixed input conflict with "push to talk" causing Decoration snap to surface not working for some people. 
Fixed being able to select a Decoration placed on a wall in an adjacent Orbiter room.
Fixed a potential script error when unlocking Lockers as a Client. 
Fixed an invisible blocking volume in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset as reported here: 
Fixed rogue teleporting volumes that resulted in players getting stuck in an endless teleporting loop in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed numerous outdated weapon descriptions.
Fixed ability to teleport/dash forward when performing certain movement combinations in Conclave.
Fixed being unable to equip the Excalibur Dex Helmet in Conclave.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.15.1
**Date:** 2018-03-08T20:29:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.15.1:
Filter Depth is now also affected when 'Interpolate Visual Effects' is enabled.
Removed an un-advertised Duration from Magus Replenish
the healing on the Operator will now be instantaneous according to the % in the description of the Arcane.
Slightly adjusted the hand position when holding the Pandero Ceramica Skin to make it sit nicer in the Warframe's hand.
Improved enemy 'cover' tactics when attempting to seek cover in a Defense mission.
Improved performance when attempting to use a context action.

### Fixes
Fixed Zenurik's Void Singularity pulling in friendly NPCS, instead of just enemies.
Fixed Arcane Acceleration applying to all Primaries when it should just be Rifles.
Fixed floating clip when reloading the Pandero equipped with the Ceramica Skin. 
Fixed numerous edge case UI script errors.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.15.0
**Date:** 2018-03-07T21:04:32Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.15.0:
Arcanes will now appear as "EQUIPPED" if already equipped on the Warframe/Operator/Amp/Zaw that is currently being modified.
The Arcane name and Rank will appear on the same text line in the Trade confirmation prompt.
Removed Arcane slots when in the Conclave Mode of the Arsenal.
Fixed the Arcane Manager in Relays appearing empty. 
Fixed not being able to trade the same Arcane at different Ranks at the same time.
Added an error message when you try to place more Text objects than the maximum limit of 5.
Added error message when you try to place more Camera Positions than the maximum limit of 200.
You can now precisely select the amount of time it takes for the Camera to transition between two points by changing the Duration per Camera Position. 
When the Camera is playing, the Duration option is replaced with a global 'Speed multiplier' option.
Significantly increased the distance at which placed Text can be seen.
Fixed saturation UI not remembering settings when switching between Normal/Advanced controls.
Fixed Filters not working for Clients after switching between Advanced Camera and Normal controls.
Fixed not being able to initially see the chosen Filter when Filter Depth is enabled.
Fixed Filter Depth/Opacity being available with the Neutral Filter when switching between Normal and Advanced Camera settings.
Fixed 'Detach Camera' preventing Camera movement while still in settings/Camera paused mode.
Fixed Suda's Datascape Scene displaying the quest Leaderboard and the walls not dissolving.
Excavators will no longer take Power Cells if BOTH Shields and Power are full as to not waste valuable Power Cells.
Excavation UI displays 'Power: FULL' when the Excavator no longer needs more Power Cells to run to completion.
All Lotus transmissions will appear on the right side of the screen as to not obscure the Excavation UI.
Added a subtle blue Shield charge FX (similar to Warframe Shield charge FX) to the Excavator when its Shields are recharged by a Power Cell.
Grineer Sealab doors now displays a distinctive Icon to indicate it needs to be hacked in order to proceed.
A special UI message is now displayed when picking up Tellurium, or any of the Eidolon Shards (similar to Argon Crystal). 
The Simulacrum Mimeograph now saves your previous settings. Example, if you spawn 20 Level 50 Moas on your last visit, you will see the same settings saved and at the ready when you return!
Changed the "TERPISCHORE NARTA" to the correct spelling of "TERPSICHORE NARTA".

### Fixes
Fixed rare cases of the Cetus gate opening to a black screen (proceeding through would still teleport you to Cetus).
Fixed the Gene-Masking Kit from Master Teasonai offerings and the Hyekka Gene-Masking Kit in the Market not giving you the actual Fur Patterns.
All accounts that were missing the above Fur Patterns will have them in their inventories upon login! 
Fixed enemies Petrified from Atlas' Rumbler cast/Path of Statues Augment not dropping Rubble when killed.
Fixed Ash's Smokescreen ending while in Operator causing sounds to be perpetually muffled when Transferring back to Ash.
Fixed Harrow's Penance not giving Health for damaging Eidolon Synovias.
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurred in The Index that resulted in the Timer not progressing. 
Fixed misleading Status Chance over 100% for Beam weapons in the Arsenal Stats. This was due to recent Beam weapon Status Effect changes that now have a chance to Status proc for every tick of the weapon's Damage (based on Fire Rate), instead of only ticking once per second. 
Fixed Beam weapons not correctly damaging the Nullifier drones (they correctly damaged the Corpus inside and the bubble, but not drones).
Fixed a Corpus Rover sometimes appearing in Corpus Ice Planet Sabotage that resulted in breaking the UI.
Fixed some bad marker pathing in the Corpus Ice Planet and Grineer Ocean Sabotage tilesets.
Fixed negative Mod capacity displayed after Gilding a Zaw. 
Fixed Mod Polarity matching giving a false positive for Exilus slots.
Fixed changing Sentinels in the Simulacrum Arsenal not functioning properly.
Fixed Gear item (Energy, Health, etc) Restores not appearing when placed on elevators.
Fixed Kubrow Armor not appearing on Helminth Chargers with Drahk Skin equipped.
Fixed Helios' Detect Vulnerability precept not applying the Damage multiplier on enemies seated in mounted guns or Jesters riding Kuva Guardians.
Fixed cases where Helios began vibrating when equipped with the Investigator precept. 
Fixed numerous hitches that would occur when killing enemies on the Plains of Eidolon.
Fixed the Mandachord FX overpowering Octavia's arm FX.
Fixed sometimes crashing when mounting the Dargyn.
Fixed Synthesis Targets spawning in The War Within quest. 
Fixed extra Melee slam sounds playing a few seconds after completing a Melee slam while Mirage's Hall of Mirrors is active.
Fixed headshot and kill sounds being occluded during Loki's Invisibility and Ivara's Prowl abilities. 
Fixed missing Gunsen finisher sounds.
Fixed Octavia missing her skirt in her Maestra Collection diorama.
Fixed not being able to search for Warframe Augments Mods by Warframe name in the Syndicate Offerings screen. 
Fixed Kubrows appearing much larger for Clients when visiting another players Orbiter.
Fixed Leaderboard text titles not breaking into two lines if it exceeds the UI box.
Fixed some non-English Mod descriptions having broken format. 
Fixed an unaligned symbol in the Orbiter's Transference Room.
Fixed some escapable geometry holes in the Liset.
Fixed the Arsenal mesh being misaligned with the floor as reported here: We apologize for this understandably unplayable bug.
Fixed the Void Sabotage Cache also being misaligned with the floor as reported here: 
Fixed a script error when attempting to replace a Mod with an Arcane in the Trading screen.
Fixed getting Oro from killing yourself with the Glaive in Conclave.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.14.2
**Date:** 2018-03-02T20:17:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.14.2:
When Upgrading an Arcane, you can now specify to what level you want to Upgrade it to.
When Upgrading an Arcane, you can now do multiple Ranks in a single operation.
The 'NEXT RANK' button will appear grayed out if you do not have the required amount of Arcanes to proceed to the next rank.
Changed the Arcane Rank indicators to be Arcane icons instead of numbers.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that occurred when returning to Cetus after acquiring an Arcane.
Fixed a crash that occurred when in the Dojo or a Relay.
Fixed being able to equip a single Magus into both Arcane slots on your Operator. You must own more than one copy of the Magus in order to do so.
Fixed Atlas only getting 50 Rubble from Petrified enemies when it should be 75.
Fixed a case where you could equip 3 Arcanes on your Warframe.
Fixed Beam weapons not doing damage if you ran Warframe at roughly 10 FPS or less.
Fixed Beam weapons not being able to damage enemies affected by a crowd controlled Warframe ability for Clients.
Fixed the UI locking up when equipping an Exodia on a Zaw.
Fixed the UI locking up when Upgrading your Warframe and then changing your currently equipped Arcane to "none".
Fixed Boltor Bravura Skin spawning multiple clips during the reload animation. 
Fixed Clients seeing incorrectly sized Pets when transitioning from Cetus to the Plains.
Fixed commas removing placed text in Captura.
Fixed ability to escape below the level in the Grineer Shipyards Spy tileset.
Fixed Moa's getting stuck in Corpus Outpost doorways as reported here:

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.14.1
**Date:** 2018-03-01T21:50:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.14.1:
The Boltor Bravura Skin now has its own custom reload animation! 
Operators (if Transference has been used at least once) now receive Affinity for each Synovia of the Teralyst/Gantulyst/Hydrolyst destroyed. Our intentions here are to help with leveling up Operator Amps.
Increased the amount of Affinity you earn from killing Vomvalysts by 5x to help Operator Amp leveling. 
A popup warning will appear in the launcher when Cache Optimize cannot complete due to lack of disk space. 
Polished up some Narta shoulder animations.
Updated Healing Return Mod to read: "Healed by X for each status type affecting the target hit".

### Fixes
Fixed missing reload sounds for the Boltor Bravura Skin.
Fixed some in-progress Trial Keys not being removed.
Fixed missing Druk Instruments. If you owned these before they disappeared, they will reappear in your Mandachord!
Fixed rotating Octavia before entering the Mandachord resulting in the Mandachord not displaying correctly and parts of the Orbiter clipping into the UI.
Fixed Leaderboard list UI overlapping after scrolling the Leaderboard menu, selecting a category, then returning to the Leaderboard menu.
Fixed incorrect UI when purchasing Hok's daily Zaw special.
Fixed a script error when Gifting through the Arsenal.
Fixed a potential script error when using the Opticor.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Gild a Zaw.
Fixed a script error that would cause Clients to be unable to see/use Captura settings when paused.
Fixed a crash when entering the Foundry.
Fixed a crash related to waypointing.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.14.0
**Date:** 2018-03-01T18:20:15Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added 6 new Narta Emote from the Maestra herself!
Manibus Narta
Degage Narta
Noble Narta
Terpischore Narta
Cruzar Narta
Systole Narta
Added 7 new Captura Syndicate Scenes:
Lua Nursery Scene (Arbiters of Hexis)
Corpus Ice Planet Wreckage Scene (Cephalon Suda) 
Grineer Shipyards Manufactory Scene (New Loka) 
Corpus Gas City Conduit Scene (Perrin Sequence) 
Infested Ship Bridge Scene (Red Veil) 
Grineer Settlement Reactor Scene (Steel Meridian)
Orokin Derelict Plaza Scene (Cephalon Simaris)
Added FX to Hema headshots to give it a nice leechy feel!
Added a pulse FX on player arrow (YOU!) upon opening (and every 5 seconds after) the Advanced Plains Map. 
Added the Filter Opacity slider to Displays.

### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.14.0:
Submissions for Octavia Augment ideas is now open to all! We are asking the bonafide Mandachord experts out there to show the Devs their design chops here:
It's time to live your Guillermo Del Toro cinematic dreams with the new Advanced Captura Tools! Slow it down, speed it up, interpolate visual effects and more to make YOUR OWN Hydroid Prime trailer! The possibilities are 200 Camera positions wide and full of text that we know you'll make a meme out of.
Place up to 200 Camera Positions, adjust Camera Speeds, and more.
Place up to 5 in-world Text lines (30 char limit per line), with the option to change text color as well.
Added a Cinematic Mode button that removes UI, plays Camera track, etc. You can return to the Captura menu by pressing ESC. 
Added Lotus Glow and Edge of Shadows filters.
Added Filter Opacity and Filter Depth sliders for filters.
These options will appear disabled if your Filter is Neutral.
Change the Time of Day and Rain volume in the Plains of Eidolon Scene (applies to each Camera Position).
Moved the Filter option to the top of the list so it doesn't go offscreen, making some Filters unclickable.
Also worth noting that you can still host an 8 player Captura simply by inviting 7 other players once you've loaded into Captura. The Trials lobby is no longer needed!
If you need an Arcane refresher, this spoiler is for you!
Upon logging in, all Arcanes installed on Cosmetics/Helmets will be Distilled because Arcanes can no longer be installed on Cosmetics/Helmets.
Old Legacy Arcane Helmets will keep their Arcane installed but you can not equip the Legacy Arcane Helmet on a Warframe with 2 Arcanes already installed.
Arcanes can only be installed on your Warframe, Operator, Operator Amp, or Zaw.
You can install 2 Arcanes per Warframe and per Operator.
You can install 1 Arcane on Operator Amps and Zaws.
You can now trade Upgraded Arcanes!
Arcanes have received a visual overhaul! Arcane Rarity now matches the style we use on Mods and Relics. Hopefully this is a much clearer representation of their Rarity than before:
You can now search/sort within the Arcane Manager screen.
You must be at least Mastery Rank 5 or have an Arcane owned if below Mastery Rank 5 to install an Arcane.
Fixed Beam weapons not being able to damage enemies (alive but in a ragdolled state) when being affected by certain 'crowd control' Abilities.
Damage now ramps up over 0.6 seconds and after moving off target there is a delay of 0.8 seconds before it starts to decay over 2 seconds.
All Beam weapons now start their Damage ramp up at 20% (instead of 10%) with the following exceptions:
Convectrix
Primary fire starts at 60%.
Alt fire starts at 80%.
Phage
Starts at 70%.
Embolist
Starts at 30%.
The Multishot chance should now apply more consistently with Beam weapons.
Weapon Range Mods (like Sinister Reach) no longer affect the distance of chains for chainable Beam weapons (like the Amprex). Main Beam distance is still affected by them.
Fixed Beam weapons continuously firing when quick Meleeing.
Chain Range increased from 7.5m to 10m.
Damage reduced from 24 to 22.
Range increased from 20m to 24m.
Mag size decreased from 60 to 40.
Chain Range increased from 4m to 7m.
Increased Range from 20m to 27m.
Increased Damage from 18 to 20.
Tweaked Flux Rifle controller rumble on recharge.
Endless Excavation missions now display 'Digs Completed' instead of 'Total Cryotic Excavated'. The number of 'Digs Completed' is what counts towards the tiered Rewards in the Endless modes, and this change saves you some mental math! 
You can still see the total Cryotic Excavated on the Mission Progress screen.
Upon mounting a Dargyn, your Warframe will now become 'invincible' and enemies will attempt to destroy the Dargyn first instead of you.
Removed the ability to mount a Dargyn during Transference. Although this resulted in an amazing bug where a Warframe would fly away in the Dargyn and do work while you watched from your Operator on the ground, it's not intended! 
Removed dust FX on idling Dargyns.
Fixed not exiting Archwing mode when mounting and dismounting a Dargyn when Archwing is active.
Fixed being unable to place a waypoint when driving a Dargyn. 
Fixed exiting a Dargyn reviving your Sentinel.
Fixed AI/Sentinels attacking unmanned Dargyns, which destroyed your hope of mounting one before you got the chance.
Fixed Dargyns passing through the Plains barrier wall.
Fixes:
Fixed not receiving a Corrupted Mod from opening the Orokin Vault if you extract after 10 minutes of an Orokin Derelict Survival mission.
Fixed Mirage not gaining Warframe Affinity when getting kills with her Hall of Mirrors clones. 
More fixes towards reducing max Ammo Mods affecting the Hema Ammo pool leading to incomplete clip reloads.
Fixed getting knocked down while firing a Gunblade weapon (Sarpa, Redeemer, etc) resulting in the weapon no longer firing rounds and the firing audio being incorrect.
More fixes towards the Commander not spawning in Assassination Bounties.
Fixed enemies spawning on the wrong side of the portal in the final stage of The New Strange quest.
Fixed Mesa's Ballistic Battery ability's interaction with Beam weapons to behave like other weapon types: the Damage bonus is now only applied to one Damage hit, but it is not affected by the Beam weapon ramp-up and always applies full Damage.
Fixed Atlas' Rubble not having any physics, which resulted in Rubble floating in the air if that Petrified enemy died there.
Fixed Ash's Shuriken applying numerous Slash Status Effects to every enemy (even ones not hit) if in a group together (using Ferrox's Alt Fire to group enemies closely). 
Fixed Zephyr's Tornados remaining indefinitely if player goes into a bleedout and then self Revives.
Fixed markers for Lures and player placed markers sometimes being hidden when there's too many markers on screen.
Fixed Arcanes not listing Teralysts (+ variants) as drop locations, and vice versa. 
Fixed Clients entering Archwing while quick-meleeing causing weapons locking up until animations are reset.
Fixed Teralyst fight session not locking after the first Synovia has been destroyed when not in the Teralyst Hunt Bounty.
Fixed instances where you shouldn't have been able to use Transference.
Fixed spamming Transference at the Cetus gate turning you invincible. 
Fixed potential script error when entering the Plains with a scoped Primary weapon (e.g. Sniper Rifles).
Fixed Appearance and Upgrades resetting to your 'A' loadout even if you had 'B' or 'C' loadout selected previously. 
Fixed Clients not seeing markers on Shield Generators in Archwing Pursuit mission. 
Fixed the Solida Syandana not having a spinning animation as intended.
Fixed not being able to use Finishers or ziplines in Captura.
Fixed missing fire FX when using the Ignis/Ignis Wraith with Blast Damage.
Fixed rebinding a key to 'Open Chat' resulting in incorrect colored button hint.
Fixed players being able to hear Vectis/Vectis Prime zoom in/zoom out sounds from other players' weapon.
Fixed a script error when equipping a Pet in the Relay Arsenal then trying to Upgrade said Pet.
Fixed Rescue Targets, Specters, and Pets who attempt to follow your wall climbing, being stuck mid-air if becoming downed in the middle of such movements.
Fixed not being able to climb over ledges while sprinting.
Fixed blurry Elevator control consoles in various Grineer tileset.
Fixed 'ARMOR' not being localized in Atlas' custom HUD.
Fixed missing Cycron 'charge complete' sound. 
Fixed the Gunsen playing equip sounds during Combos.
Fixed the Sell/Dissolve Mods screens displaying full stack count instead of the selected amount. 
Fixed some Chat linkable items not having descriptions.
Fixed Void tileset images appearing when hovering over Orokin Derelict nodes in the Star Chart.
Fixed AI getting stuck in a low ceiling area in the Grineer Forest tileset.
Fixed clipping of Corpus Gas City Defense tileset guns.
Fixed an escapable level hole in the Grineer Forest tileset as reported here:
Fixed incorrect values in the World State Window when exceeding your Simaris Synthesis Task.
Fixed capitalization discrepancies in the World State Window for Simaris' Synthesis Task.
Fixed text getting cut off in the Operator Amp stat screen.
Fixed adding waypoints in the Advanced Plains Map when the mouse/key was not pressed with the Advanced Map open.
Fixed Long Warframe names clipping with the Focus passive UI icon. 
Fixed the Bounty Reward text exceeding the UI box.
Fixed seeing a UI blur when taking screenshots with the UI disabled.
Fixed typing in the Mods Console search bar resulting in flickering text.
Fixed context action icons being misaligned. 
Fixed a script error when casting Bladestorm as Ash Prime.
Fixed a script error when casting Gara's Mass Vitrify ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Chroma's Spectral Scream ability. 
Fixed a script error when casting Zephyr's Tail Wind ability.
Fixed a script error when Mesa's Peacemaker is cast by NPCS (Specters).
End point of Ignis weapons are now 1m from 3m in Conclave.
Ignis magazine capacity reduced to 30 in Conclave.
Ignis Wraith mag capacity reduced to 40 in Conclave.
Spectra magazine capacity increased to 30 in Conclave.
Amprex magazine capacity reduced to 40 in Conclave.
Glaxion magazine capacity reduced to 30 in Conclave.
Nukor ammo capacity reduced to 60 in Conclave.
Synapse damage reduced from 19 to 18 in Conclave.
Synapse magazine capacity reduced from 30 to 25 in Conclave.
Embolist ammo capacity increased to 50 in Conclave.
Synoid Gammacor damage reduced from 20 to 19 in Conclave.
Removed the mission preview screen from Dark Sector nodes occupied by Clans. This screen was removed in preparation for the new Dark Sectors, and to help new players who were confused by what they were clicking on. You'll have your time in the sun again, Taylor Swift.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.4
**Date:** 2018-02-22T22:25:01Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.4:
Increased the Beam weapon Damage ramp up time from 0.8 to 1 second.
Fixed Beam weapon Damage ramp up not happening per target.
Convectrix Alt Fire beams now continuously sweep back and forth.
Fixed the Convectrix showing different Ammo types between fire modes. (Alt-fire is now using Shotgun shells like Primary fire)
Fixed Convectrix beams visually crossing each other.
Panthera Alt Fire now consumes 1 Ammo instead of 4.
Fixed the Panthera Alt Fire consuming Ammo when hitting surfaces other than enemies.
Right analog stick now controls Map zoom.
Left analog stick now controls Map pan.
Defense from 10 waves to 5 waves
Survival from 10 minutes to 5 minutes
Interception from 2 rounds to 1 round
Excavation from 1000 Cryotic to 500 Cryotic
Improved and enhanced audio feedback when hitting enemies with Beam weapons.
Improved Eidolon Lure following/positioning logic to prevent them getting right up in your face and disrupting your view.
Swapped the mesh of the Gantulyst dome Shield to solve collision issues with certain projectile types when shooting inside.
Enabled near culling on Eidolon bushes to reduce visual clutter during combat. You will now notice foliage fading from view when in the thick of it.
Disabled special Idle animations when customizing your Warframe Appearance in Arsenal. If a special animation is running when you enter the Appearance screen, it will continue until it's done and further special idle animations will not be played.
Removed the "while sliding" and "undetected" requirement for the "Kill X Dargyns with a Bow" Riven challenge to alleviate some frustrations. Any existing challenges with this requirement will revert into one without it.
Drivable Dargyns that are commandeered by Pilots now count towards the "Kill X Dargyns with a Bow" Riven challenge.
Restored the weapon trails that were removed from the greatsword/heavy blade Tennogen skins.
Picking up a Cetus Wisp will now display the same special UI message like when you pick up an Argon Crystal.
The Solida Syandana now has a visual 'barrel spin' animation.
Changed Archwing Pursuit rewards to be one static drop table instead of rotations that never really functioned.
Reduced the Damage of all Beam weapons in Conclave.
Reduced the Damage of the AkJagara in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed losing gained Affinity on your Pet/Sentinel if you leave the Plains as the Operator.
Fixed Arcanes working inconsistently on Exalted Abilities (Excalibur's Exalted Blade, etc) or Weapon Abilities (Titania's Razorwing, etc).
Fixed Sentients encountered in Octavia's Anthem quest dropping unintended rewards. Only Sentients encountered in normal gameplay situations are intended to drop rewards like Sentient Cores, Mods, etc.
Fixed not respawning in The Index if you die just as the Wager is met as reported here: 
Fixed losing your Credit investment in The Index if you win the match but don't meet the Wager target. It now matches the UI description as reported here:
Fixed the Panthera Primary Fire displaying fall-off damage stats in the Arsenal when the projectile doesn't actually have fall-off damage.
Fixed Ammo not being consumed when reloading the Strun and Transferring to the Operator simultaneously. 
Fixed some issues reported with the Hema Ammo mechanic. Essentially increasing Clip size Mods or reducing max Ammo Mods would affect the Ammo pool leading to incomplete clip reloads. Also, the Ammo pool could get into a bad state if you were knocked back/down while in the reload animation.
Fixed Focus Lens icons not displaying the respective Focus symbol inside the Lens.
Fixed overlapping UI popup when collecting rewards dropped from the Teralysts. 
Fixed Melee weapons that are lit with an Elemental FX appearing to have hard visual edges (commonly seen in dark lit environments like the Orokin Derelict).
Fixed cases where customizing your Warframe Appearance in the Arsenal can cause the Warframe to leave the unarmed state.
Fixed some TennoGen items having a giftable option in the Market. Upon selecting this it would fail and not charge you the respective Platinum.
Fixed cases where the Tarna Planter Decoration would disappear.
Fixed Pigments not appearing when attempting to search them in the Inventory menu.
Fixed the Chat cursor falling behind or forward if text is scaled above 100.
Fixed a script error while in Captura.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.3
**Date:** 2018-02-21T20:18:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.3:
Beam Weapon behavior was originally changed to help with performance but as we've made optimizations to the game over time, we can return them to their original status of hitscan weapons with pinpoint accuracy and zero recoil. Or at least we think we can.
Perfect accuracy and high fire rate is balanced by limited range and damage ramping up from 10% to 100% over 0.8 seconds when firing and decays back to 10% over 1 second after stopping. To help with ammo economy, Beam Weapons consume 0.5 ammo per trace
unless they are Flamethrowers.
Once this launches (hopefully this week on PC), we're hoping for some practical feedback on the changes and your thoughts! It's a bit tricky to grasp the behaviour changes on paper, but in practice it's something you'll be able to detect quickly. Please bear that in mind when replying
practical feedback will be the needle mover for any tweaks to come.
With such a huge change in behavior, comparing new stats with old is like apples to oranges so they are presented on their own below from our designer:
Beam weapons now state "STATUS" instead of "STATUS / SEC" in the Arsenal because they can now Status Effect more than once per second (like all other weapons).
The Flux Rifle has a new battery charge up and fully charged sound to go with it's beam rework!
Minor tweaks to reload timing on Glaxion and Gammacor.
Tweaked the Synapse beam to better represent it's Corrosive Damage.
Currently Multishot Mods do not increase Status chance. Multishot works like all other weapons except the affect is in the same spot as the base occurrence. We are monitoring this closely!
Cernos Prime Alt Fire is now silent as intended.
Increased the Fire Rate of the Zenith's Alt Fire.
Made the additional projectiles of Talons and Castanas from Multishot spread in a more uniform/predictable pattern.
Enabled weapon hit notifications for all projectile based weapons. A visual and audible example can be seen here from Devstream #106:
Map can now be panned halfway off screen
When opening Advanced Map, the player position will be centered on the screen
The controller reticle will no longer be movable, instead the right analog stick will pan the Map around
Left analog stick now controls Map zoom
Panning leeway will now scale with zoom level (so the Map can't be dragged far beyond the panning limit when zoomed in too much)
Increased the Endo awarded by Simaris' Daily Synthesis Target by 2x.
Hold-to-Charge Abilities (Ember's Fireball, Zephyr's Tail Wind, etc) no longer auto cast when full. Cast now occurs on Charge release.
Also, if Energy drops below Charge cost, it will auto cast at the appropriate Charge level.
Critical Chance, Critical Multiple, and Status Effect Chance now all apply to enemies inside Zephyr's Tornado.
Lowered particle burst, opacity and particle count on numerous Gantulyst and Hydrolyst abilities in an attempt to alleviate performance issues and reduce visual clutter.
Lowered particle burst for Vomvalyst charge up attacks to alleviate performance issues.
Tweaked Kavat wall attack behaviours to prevent 'supercat'. 
Adarza Kavat's Cat's Eye Critical Chance Buff no longer apply to Operators.
Smeeta Kavat's Charm Critical Chance and Energy recharge Buffs no longer apply to Operators.
Updated description of the Mod "Entropy Burst" to read "Base Status Chance" instead of "Status Chance".
Picking up a Syndicate Medallion, Exceptional Sentient Core, or Flawless Sentient Core will now display the same special UI message like when you pick up an Argon Crystal.
Talking to Onkko will now make all other Operators invisible, just like when you talk to Konzu with a busy crowd closeby. 
When customizing your Warframe under the Appearance tab, your Warframe will appear unarmed and idling to make customization easier without going into a blocking/armed stance. 
The message that appears when you are over the Riven capacity limit will now have options to open the Dissolve screen, purchase Slots, or defer to later instead of having to go into the Dissolve screen first.
Corrected a texture on the Repala Syandana to make it fully opaque instead of slightly transparent.
Tweaked the Saryn Nita's Moda Skin to have a more pronounced 'pulsating' effect as requested by the creator.
Ignis and Ignis Wraith are now usable in Conclave.
Fixed players not seeing the 'killfeed' when a player has been killed in Conclave.
Fixed not being able to equip the Knightess and Corpra Helmets in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed the End of Mission screen both breaking (i.e. UI hang) and not showing the Nightmare Mod you earned when completing Nightmare Defense missions.
Fixed Sentient Cores from Vomalysts disappearing if another player joins the squad when a Core is on the ground in the Plains.
More fixes towards not being able to take pickups after a Host migration occurred if the new Host picked up the item before the Clients finish loading in.
Fixed Nidus' Undying passive not working if an Oberon casts Renewal on him.
Fixed a script error when Client opens the Advanced Plains Map right after entering the Plains.
Fixed Warframe Abilities being inaccessible after equipping Archwing before accessing the Plains.
Fixed Syndicate Status Effect Buffs failing if one expired while you were the Operator.
Fixed Client Inaros' able to become invincible by casting Devour on a target next to them and going straight into the devouring phase.
Fixed Amps and Zaws not being properly tracked in your Profile due to Gilded required before it is considered 'Mastered'. 
Fixed a decoration causing AI navigation issues in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed an AI navigation path in the Grineer Galleon tileset that was leading AI to spawn outside of the level bounds. 
Fixed AI navigation troubles in the Eris Corpus Ship Defense tileset. 
Fixed the Advanced Plains Map getting stuck when reaching the edge of the map using WASD or a controller.
Fixed Advanced Plains Map inverting WS or AD controls when sufficiently zoomed. These keys now move the entire Map in the opposite direction (thus moving the focus of the Map in the same direction as the key).
Fixed 'convert all Shards' Focus UI option not updating to show the total Focus that will be received.
Fixed Simaris' Daily Endo reward not displaying.
Fixed pressing Esc when viewing the Options menu causing the screen to close too early.
Fixed the scroll mouse wheel not highlighting the currently selected Warframe Ability.
Fixed Bullet Attractor Status Effect of Void Damage (Operators and Amps) becoming visually solid when frozen/petrified.
Fixed not being able to see Warframe Speed stat in the Arsenal.
Fixed changing your Warframe's Energy color resulting in the Energy color of the Uru Prime Syandana also changing. 
Fixed the Sabotage core appearing completely black in the Gas City tileset.
Fixed a crash when Transferring to the Operator. 
Fixed Ember's Fireball charging sound looping.
Fixed Ember's Fireball missing fire FX when holding it fully charged.
Fixed dark lighting in the Frost Harka diorama.
Fixed a script error when accessing the Arsenal in a Relay/Cetus. 
Fixed Credit Icons not displaying the appropriate color.
Fixed gamepad/keyboard button Icons changing color in the Chat window.
Fixed incorrect Emoji color choice in Chat.
Fixed the Junction UI disappearing behind the Star Chart as reported here:
Fixed the right Syrinx Shoulder Plate attachment clipping with the Mirage Mithra Skin.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.2
**Date:** 2018-02-16T19:48:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.2:
Teralyst, Gantulyst and Hydrolyst now all drop Arcanes! 
All 3 Teralysts have a 100% chance of dropping an Arcane.
The variety of Arcanes have been spread out across all 3 variants and weighted according to the rarity of the Arcane and difficulty of the Teralyst variant. 
How you choose to defeat the Teralyst variants also attributes to the Arcane type/chance.
Reduced controller cursor speed in Advanced Plains Map by half.
The Warframe Launcher will now prompt when it detects that you could do with some optimizing.
Changed a metal material of the Sarva Harness to fix missing accent tint.
Removed an unreleased cosmetic that could be seen but was not actually in Inventories.
Updated Arcane Resistance to read Toxin instead of Electricity and updated its icon to match the effect.
Updated and fixed some Sarpa firing sounds.
Improved the clarity of the small Chat text option.
Adjusted the Diva Polearm Skin energy color and Octavia Diva Skin default tint to better match the Steam Workshop images.

### Fixes
Fixed Ember's Fire Blast not providing additional Heat damage to Clients who shoot through the flame ring.
Fixed Nidus' Ravenous Infested carpet not dissipating for Clients after a Host migration occurs. 
Fixed Operators being able to use Antiserum Injectors even though UI shows they have none.
Fixed appearing invisible in the Relay/Cetus Arsenal.
Fixed Companions duplicating when in the Relay/Cetus Arsenal. 
Fixed a Host script error that occurred if a Client died and revived while Spearfishing.
More fixes towards Operators having distorted facial textures when interacting with a Pet.
Fixed incorrect Fonts in the Cetus cinematic when you enter for the first time.
Fixed the TennoGen icon appearing the wrong color in the Arsenal. 
Fixed context action text drawing on top of the player's Warframe in the Orbiter.
Fixed broken text on the Invasion screen.
Fixed cases of uncapitalized text discrepancies. 
Fixed a crash that could occur in the Liset loading mission screen.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.1
**Date:** 2018-02-15T21:48:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changed the Advanced Plains Map to use the bound map key binding to close the Map instead of it being fixed to "M".
Removed the Advanced Plains Map hint when opening the Map in Caves.
Konzu's Bounty board now displays an auto-refresh countdown timer when no Bounties are currently available (approx 1 minute of downtime between refresh).
Improved spawning points of Dargyns to alleviate reported issues of Dargyns spawning on top of eachother or in geometry.

### Fixes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.13.1
	With Most Overhauls Come The Fixes Soon After! Most Of This Hotfix Includes Fixes Related To The Font Rendering Overhaul, And We'Re Prepared To Continue Fixing Where Necessary.:
Fixed Sentients not spawning during their encounter phases in Octavia's Anthem quest which resulted in a progression stop.
Fixed numerous projectile weapons (Detron, Drakgoon, Cernos Prime, etc) having incorrect Status Chance calculations. 
Fixed a crash when attempting to drive a Dargyn.
Fixed entering a Rampart as cloaked Operator causing a loss of functionality.
Fixed Unveiled Riven Mods sometimes appearing blank due to Font changes.
Fixed Condrocs that start in flight not counting towards the "Kill 3 Condrocs within 5 seconds" Riven challenge.
Fixed a potential script error when fighting the Teralyst that would break Eidolon Lure functionality.
Fixed smaller than intended collision shapes on the Teralysts, especially noticeable on the Gantulyst and Hydrolyst. This did not affect their "damage hitboxes", only player collision.
Fixed Arcane Momentum and Arcane Consequence reflecting incorrect text descriptions since their recent changes in U22.12.0.
Fixed Operators having distorted facial textures when interacting with a Pet.
Fixed Atlas' Rubble sticking around if you switch your Warframe in the Simulacrum Arsenal while Rubble is on your Atlas.
Fixed 'Damaged' Mods not having their iconic cracked image.
Fixed numerous Icons not displaying their proper colors in the World State Window.
Fixed Dojo color and Pigment Icons displaying incorrect color.
Fixed the '*' symbol replacing letters with a diacritical mark (non-English languages) 
Fixed broken fonts when opening a Gift, and when ranking up in a Syndicate.
Fixed incorrect counter Icon when selecting over 100 Mods.
Fixed off-centered Revives remaining number.
Fixed a script error that could happen when trying to Upgrade your Pet in Cetus.
Fixed a script error that occurred when you don't have a Companion equipped.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.13.0
**Date:** 2018-02-15T16:35:03Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.13.0:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Steam:
Hold M (default) to open Advanced Map.
Right clicking (default) on the Advanced Map places a Waypoint. 
Use the mouse wheel to zoom in and out. 
Left click and drag to move the Advanced Map around.
Areas/Regions have now been named! (also appears on the normal Plains Map).
Stay Calm! A lot of Warframe's text will look different. This change will make all fonts across Warframe more readable at all resolutions. We know change is scary, but this change is to make sure font scaling looks crisp across resolutions and with zooming!
All future UI work has had the stage set for it with this better text rendering!
Sentient Cores now drop from Conculysts, Battalysts, and Decaying variants. They will drop either an Exceptional (25%) or Intact (75%) Sentient Core. This allows for progression with the Quills outside of the Plains of Eidolon! 
Ivara's Prowl will now only steal from each enemy once total, instead of once per Ivara. Our intent is to mirror how Nekros' Desecrate also functions, considering the recent movement of Sentient Cores to certain Sentient variants. It's rewarding to be the warmly welcomed Nekros in an Argon Crystal run, and we hope Ivara will now be welcomed equivalently.

### Fixes
Fixes Natural Talent causing a delay after the Mag Crush animation ends where you couldn't cast other Abilities.
Fixed some Shotgun Rivens having a blank Riven challenge.
Fixed the rewards listed on Konzu's Bounty board overlapping with text when scrolling, making it appear to only list 9 rewards instead of 10.
Fixed cases of Zaw Damage preview stats not calculating properly.
Fixed the Kronen not displaying when searching 'Tonfa' in the Market/Arsenal.
Fixed potentially misaligned Riven challenge popup description.
Fixed Tennogen Liset Skins showing a Credit icon instead of Steam icon.
Fixed a script error in Somachord if the loop button is pressed while no songs are playing.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.5
**Date:** 2018-02-13T23:07:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.5:
Removed non-Vaulted Relics from Bounty Rewards as to remove confusion of both Relic types being in current Bounties and replaced with Endo relative to difficulty per Bounty tier (50,100,200,300,400).
Improved the way Plains of Eidolon Water hazards treat drops that fall and teleport with in to be more player friendly.

### Fixes
Potential fix for the big issue of Teralysts and Lures not navigating or behaving properly at all. When this issue occurs, it completely prevents Teralyst hunts from occuring for that session so we are working on resolving it as quickly as we can!
Fixed an issue with Operator customization where changing the color of "Markings" changes the color of all "Facial Accessories".
Fixed Vex Armor HUD Buffs not being removed upon deactivation for Chromas playing as Clients.
Fixed the Harrow Graxx Skin having a giftable option in the Market. Upon selecting this it will fail and not charge you the respective Platinum.
Fixed various incorrect looking Articula:

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.4
**Date:** 2018-02-13T19:37:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.4:
Chroma's Vex Armor Damage Buff now works on Melee Damage.
Adjusted new stairs to the upper level in the Grineer Galleon Defense tileset to improve flow.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.3
**Date:** 2018-02-12T22:56:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.3:
Energy cost of Zephyr's Air Burst is now halved while in air.
Increased the speed of Zephyr's Air Burst projectile.
Increased the speed of Zephyr's Tornado tracking to move quicker to your aim point.
Removed Zephyr's Turbulence loop sound and lowered hover loop volume.
Fixed a crash when killing a Volatile Runner (or enemy that exploded on death) trapped inside Zephyr's Tornado by shooting the Tornado.
Fixed Zephyr's Air Burst not increasing the size of your Tornado as a Client.
Reduced the decay rate of Atlas' Rubble by half.
Changed the Zhuge's Critical Chance to the intended 20%.
Toned down the explosion and smokey VFX when firing an Operator Amp.
Slight spacing adjustment to Relic opening/Riven unveil UI so they're all the same spacing.
Somachord volume setting is now saved across all sessions.
Minor sound remastering updates have been made to the following weapons:
Tigris / Tigris Prime / Sancti Tigris
Boltor / Boltor Prime
Latron / Latron Wraith / Latron Prime
Snipetron Vandal
Rubico

### Fixes
Fixes towards crashing when flying a Dargyn.
Fixed Assassination Bounty stages not progressing when killing the Commander very quickly. 
Fixed Squad UI losing functionality when anyone leaves your Squad when in your Orbiter.
Fixed Squad UI being left in weird "Waiting for Players / Clear Voting" state (instead of "Waiting For Players / Cancel Mission") when failing to join a Public session.
Fixed the Teralyst being able to kick around pick-ups and potentially push them through the ground.
Fixed not being able to pick up Index points as a Client if the pick-up was too far away from you from the Host's point of view. 
Fixed switching to Operator and back causing some abilities (e.g. Fireball, Vauban 1/3/4) to cost twice as much Energy.
Fixed Enemies petrified by Atlas' Path of Statues Augment Mod not dropping Rubble.
Fixed the Arcane Arachne damage increase not resetting when shooting the ground
Fixed all Teralyst variants not attacking players in Dargyns.
Fixed Shotgun Rivens generating a challenge for killing Dargyns with a Bow.
Fixed Vauban's Bounce trap sending victims horizontal instead of straight up. 
Fixed the Scourge appearing to be rotated incorrectly when viewed on a surface
Fixed Mirage Prime's materials looking muddy during Eclipse in the dark.
Fixed not being able to see your Pets fur patterns in the Appearance screen when you first open the Arsenal.
Fixed Clients not having their melee combo counter increased for Ash's clones hitting enemies in Bladestorm.
Fixed navigation bug causing AI to get stuck in certain situations.
Fixed the player flashlight being too dim. 
Fixed excessively bright fog in your Liset.
Fixed a script error that could occur when Mining.
Fixed a script error when casting Atlas' Tectonics.
Fixed a script error when casting Mirage Prime's Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed a script error when casting Ash's Bladestorm. 
Fixed a script error when using Transference as Equinox.
Fixed a script error when deleting all read messages at the same time a message transmission pops up.
Fixed the Kuva Siphon sometimes missing shadows.
Fixed Riven unveil diorama being offset to the side.
Fixed cases of empty names appearing when joining an Instance. 
Fixes for unintended changes to kill shot and headshot sounds.
Fixed missing Liset 'fly in' sounds as reported here:
Fixed poor lighting during Vor's Prize cutscenes. 
Fixed Display descriptions exceeding the UI boundaries.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.2
**Date:** 2018-02-10T04:01:14Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.2:

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopping crash in The War Within quest.
Fixed hearing a static-like noise after casting Inaros' Desiccation.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.1
**Date:** 2018-02-10T01:49:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Hotfix 22.12.1:
New Riven challenges are here! Many of them brought to you by the Design Council!
Volume adjustments and balancing between all Warframes and their powers. (Turned up quiet powers and turned down loud powers)
Updated sounds to the Redeemer and Sarpa.
Increased the weapon damage and projectile speed of the Dargyn when flying it yourself.
Removed unintended drop shadow on Chat text. 
Removed placeholder tags on new Riven challenge descriptions.

### Fixes
Fixed crashing when exiting the water in a Submersible mission. 
Fixed cases of crashing when attempting to Revive.
Fixes towards Vomvalyst Lures not teleporting to players who are extremely far away. 
Fixed Market Warframe Skins/Helmets that use the default diorama showing the equipped Warframe instead of the Warframe the Skin is for.

## Shrine of the Eidolon: Update 22.12.0
**Date:** 2018-02-09T23:37:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Volume adjustments and balancing for all weapons. (Turned up quiet weapons and turned down loud weapons)
Added a new audio layer to older weapons to make them sound more impactful.
Added and improved exterior gun tail sounds for all weapons.
Added unique 'low ammo in clip' sounds for all weapons.
Added new sound to the Kohm reload.
Updates and sound additions to one handed secondaries when using Glaive type weapons.

### Changes
Shrine Of The Eidolon: Update 22.12.0yup, Another Mainline!:
Take your fight to the skies by hijacking unmanned Dargyns in the Plains. If you get caught, it's a footrace against the pilot to board the Dargyn! Use these to aid in your search for the new Eidolons!
"The Sentient was a deformed creature, sent from some dark fold of distant space, crushing towers and citadels across Earth..."
Until meeting its fate in a climactic battle.
"The device detonated. The Sentient's body shuddered, wracked by a cacophonous energy. Fragments of the Sentient crashed to the Plains and marshes and flatlands..."
These fragments are known as the Eidolons -
mysterious titans that continue to wander the Plains and loom over the people of Cetus.
Most of you have seen the Teralyst, a beast that rises from the watery depths every night. Legends speak of two more Eidolons that fell to the Plains, dormant for centuries but ever-present in the hearts and minds of the Ostrons.
Eidolon Hunters eager to prove their worth are trying to summon these creatures again. Are you worthy, Tenno?
Legends say the Gantulyst wields an enormous boulder for an arm and radiates powerful beams of Sentient energy. The Ostrons built a shrine in its honor hoping to gain its favor.
The Ostrons believe the Hydrolyst is an omen of impending natural disaster. Stories describe a distinct, pungent aroma that precedes the arrival of this toxic beast.
You now have options to matchmake for Eidolon Hunts!
If you're worthy, you'll receive a guaranteed Riven Transmuter from the Hydrolyst (if captured). These consumable items can Transmute four Riven Mods into a brand-new Riven. Combining four Rivens of the same type (i.e Rifle, Melee, Shotgun, etc.) will result in a transmuted Riven of that type.
Each Warframe's stats and ability kits combine into a unique entity that offers different strengths and weaknesses. With 34 Warframes to choose from (and the 35th on the way), a Tenno may find there is no challenge they cannot overcome by making good use of the swiss army knife that their Arsenal offers. Some well-rounded frames do multiple things well, while others greatly excel in specific circumstances.
When reviewing the Arsenal over time, our developers often find themselves asking: 'is this fun?'.
That's the most important question to us, from the perspective of both the active player and their three squadmates.
We understand the importance of power fantasy, but overbearing abilities can make squadmates feel ineffective by seriously disrupting intended gameplay flow.
Conversely, when a Warframe doesn't do enough, players may simply choose a "better" frame, sacrificing personalization and diversity for efficiency.
Neither of these situations are ideal, so let's shake things up!
If you've read the Dev Workshop, a lot of this will look familiar, but there are some minor changes! Our intent remains the same. We relist important information here because our Update notes are much more widely read than Dev Workshops.
We are revisiting all weapons and adjusting their stats to fit into some Mastery Rank grouping guidelines based on DPS and Crit/Status split total. With this in mind, we are buffing a lot of the weapons you know and love!
Again, a lot of this is as shown in the Dev Workshop, but our Update Notes are more widely read.
Sadly, not noted here are BEAM weapons
they should be ready soon, but we are revisiting them to be more 'like they used to be' in terms of damage instances over time but with a fixed fire rate. Fire Rate mods and their effects are still being determined. The Beam Weapon Category is simply not ready for this Update, but we are still working on it!
Conclave Weapon damage rebalancing has been done separately to account for the changes.
We calculate DPS based on sustained DPS which also takes Critical and Status values into account so our values may be different than yours!
For those of you in the Riven Market, please be aware these stats will not affect Riven dispositions. Player popularity / usage stats will continue to be the metric for that.
Our data shows enemy weapons are unaffected by this, but if there are cases you believe to be wrong please note them in an appropriate subforum.
We sketched out Mastery Rank groupings of 0-3, 4-6, 7-9, 10-12 and 13-15 for each weapon type with a minimum DPS and amount split between crit and status for each group. Using existing stats, weapons were sorted into the groups. If their stats were too high for their current MR it was raised along with any other properties to match.
It's damage places it in MR 10-12 but it's crit and stat split is way too low. MR, status and critical chance is increased to match it's new MR. Increasing status and critical boosts its damage so its reduced down to fit back into the MR group guidelines its original stats dictated
The end result is the high performing/popular weapons stats remain untouched outside of being placed into their intended MR group and the rest of the weapons are brought up to equivalency.
Projectile based and low fire rate weapons were given more crit and status allowance when appropriate.
Free weapons like the Dex series have been given Mastery Rank values to match their stats! We know these are grandfathered in inventory regardless of Mastery Rank, it's just for consistency!
Some outliers exist that either don't meet or exceed their Mastery Rank's allotted DPS and
Crit/Status split allowance because of additional properties and/or features.
Grakata
exceeds Crit/Status split but is extremely inaccurate
Strun Wraith
DPS is lower than its Mastery Rank group but it has forced stagger on hit and high status chance
If players continue, they earn the credits reward, and the wager target is reset so that they have the opportunity to reach it again for more rewards. If players extract, the game ends and they collect all the rewards they managed to earn. The initial investment fee is only taken away once, regardless of the number of times the reward was earned. If time runs out and players are losing, they forfeit all rewards.
Required points per tier are now 50/75/100.
Increased the required Index points from 25/50/100 to 50/100/200
Enemy levels scale half as fast.
Changed the investment costs from 45k/60k/75k to 30k/40k/50k, and changed the credit returns from 120k/195k/275k to 105k/175k/250k. The amount of profit for each tier remains the same at 75k/135k/200k.
Changed the rewards to give the total credit return and take away invested credits, instead of combining them into the net profit.
Increased Teralyst base level to 50.
Reduced base Armor and reduced base Health of Synovia weak points a bit.
Reduced damage of Teralyst abilities to reflect increased level.
Inverted the Shuffle state to be bright when it's enabled, and dark when disabled.
Resource Drop Chance Boosters now affect Mining and Fishing, doubling the chance to get gems and the base number of fish spawns! (Previously only regular Resource Boosters affected the Plains)
Prime Vault Bounty Relics in Stage 1 have been moved to be rewarded in Stage 2 and weighted accordingly amongst the other Stages. It's worth noting that Bounty Stage 5 now yields the highest chance of getting a Vaulted Relic. Our intentions here are to alleviate players abandoning the Bounty after the first Stage.
Resource Theft Incursion and Bounty stage (aka Armored Vault) in Plains now lasts only 2 minutes (was 3 minutes).
Increased amount of Lures allowed at once from 6 to 8. Lures that have not been hacked to Tenno faction now get destroyed when their camp is deactivated, freeing up room for a new Lure to spawn when players enter other camps.
Replaced Relics rewarded from Ghouls with Prime Vault Relics (Lith G2 & Neo E1 replaced Lith T1 & Neo S7).
Focus Passives now apply immediately upon loading into a mission rather than requiring the brief Operator transition.
Operators can now interact with Pets on your Orbiter!
Reduced the delay between using a Gear item and spawning Archwing in the Plains.
Zaws and Operator Amps now have a stat in your Profile.
Mastery Rank eligible weapons now appear first with locked weapons appearing below when viewing weapons in the Market and Arsenal.
Pressing and holding the fire button on an automatic weapon during a dodge roll will now begin firing once the dodge roll is complete. It's now consistent with pressing and holding the fire button before doing the dodge roll.
Interrupting an automatic weapon with quick melee will no longer require the player to press the trigger again; the weapon will now resume firing once the melee attack is done.
Updated the Dojo Research completion icon.
Tweaked Dojo Tenno Lab glass to fix bloom issues when using custom Dojo colors.
Warframes in the Tenno Lab will now spin instead of standing still
so fancy!
Improved the coordination of rain and stormy skies in the Plains to fix rain appearing during a clear blue sky.
Reduced head bounce movement in Chroma's sprint turns.
Forma/Forma Bundle prices in the Arsenal Upgrade screen will now display the discounted price if there's an active sale.
Relay Chat tab now goes to the right of the squad tab.
Eidolon Vomvalyst Lures now have a new distinctive mesh!
Updated mastered icons in Inventory, they are now using the teal version rather than plain white.
Mastered icons now also appear on Blueprints in the Inventory for items that have been mastered.
Updated Grineer Settlement icon when used in the World State Window (old one was just a distant screencap of Phobos).
Lowered and reduced marker range for small elevators in Grineer Asteroid tiles.
Purchasing a Slot or Orokin Catalyst in the Upgrade screen will now auto equip/install. This reduces the amount of prompts you have to go through to equip/install said items.
Harrow's emissives will now always be on so you don't need Penance active to see Energy Colors.
Chroma can no longer jump or sprint when using Spectral Scream.

### Fixes
Fixed enemies not spawning if a Host Migration occurred. 
Fixed Clients not being able to see/pick up the dropped Brilliant Eidolon Shard when a Host Migration occurred and no one had picked it up yet. 
More fixes towards the gates to the Plains not opening. 
Fixed the Operator Granmu Prism dealing more damage if you were a Client. Now Client and Host deal the same damage.
Fixed Clients in the transitioning tunnel preventing players from leaving Cetus again when doing subsequent Bounties.
Fixed the Assassination Commander spawning under the Cetus door if the Host is not within the Bounty objective circle, causing him to be unreachable and failing the Bounty.
Fixed being stuck in the Cetus walking state and only jogging when attempting to sprint when a Client player transitions from Cetus to the Plains. The player will go to the proper Jog/Run state if they are killed and respawn.
Fixed a number of Melee Stances with hold combos "missing" their charge attacks when unranked; these Stances now have charge attacks until the Stance is ranked up at which point the charge attacks are replaced by the hold combos.
Fixed a crash that could occur when hacking an Eidolon Vomvalyst Lure.
Fixed an issue when buying Loadout Slots could break placement of the UI.
Fixed not being able to draw your bow while sprinting (you could always charge your bow while sprinting, but pinky-friendly sprint changes have made this more obvious).
Fixed the Constella Syandana's jagged collision on some Warframes.
Fixed the Javlok alt fire not cancelling reload when you had no more ammo in the clip.
Fixed two objective markers showing up on the Defense cryopod on Earth.
Fixed the Thousand-Year Fish Statuette not rendering properly in your Orbiter.
Fixed incorrect weapons appearing on a player if they login on an account with empty Slots after being logged in on an account with weapons equipped.
Fixed missing rain VFX when loading into Cetus from Navigation, or when aborting a mission from the Plains.
Fixed Corinth reloading only one shell when spamming the alt-fire button without having enough ammo to fire or having Auto Swap On Empty disabled.
Fixed Mirage Noble idle set playing throwing variant instead of pistol variant sometimes.
Fixed text descriptions extending outside UI boundaries when choosing Orbiter Display images.
Fixed lights in the Orbiter looking polygonal/edgy.
Fixed sometimes spawning into an Excavation mission on Earth with the first Excavator not marked on the minimap.
Fixed some Kuria being embedded in the Grineer Shipyards geometry.
Fixed a crash when loading the Mandachord.
Fixed your Warframe not playing the composition idle animation when in Mandachord.
Fixed Arsenal Mandachord being unusable after first switching from a different Warframe to Octavia.
Fixed being unable to use secondary fire as Operator while sprinting.
Fixed a hitch in the third mission of the Silver Grove quest when the enemy spawns.
Fixed hold Abilities not being cancelled when knocked down/staggered.
Fixed switching to a loadout and then switching back to the previous one causing a loss of functionality.
Fixed the Asita Rakta Syandana clipping into Loki Primes back when equipped.
Fixed not being able to Chat link Operator Magus, Exodia, or Virtuos Arcanes.
Fixed Orvius ignoring Nullifier bubbles.
Fixed a Mining exploit caused by switching weapons while zooming in.
Fixed Grineer Galleon guns causing camera shake multiple rooms away.
Fixed toggle sprint preventing Titania's Razorwing from being able to ascend.
Fixed default Lotus Symbol avatar appearing for last player to join a squad.
Fixed head tracking on Solar Map in 4k.
Fixed certain weapons not giving elemental Mod damage to Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed Reticle dot appearing through Dojo options screens.
Fixed a specific spot in the solar map UI causing Warframe head shake.
Fixed equipped Mod indicator not working during trades.
Fixed some Void nodes having incorrect background image and faction Icon. 
Fixed a crash caused by trying to interact with Nidus' chair while visiting someone's Orbiter.
Fixed some rocks in the Plains appearing wet when they're not next to water and it's not raining.
Fixed Clients hitching/disconnecting if host repeatedly switches loadout in Arsenal.
Fixed default profile Icon showing wrong Glyph.
Fixed minor issue in Jordas Verdict where Meatballs wouldn't be destroyed after clearing the second wall of infested goo in the first stage.
Fixed a few cases where forces being applied to severed ragdolls were too high.
Fixed ESC key not closing matchmaking box.
Fixed case where Affinity XP notification can get stuck on the screen.
Fixed some nav issues on Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed incorrect Factions listed when loading into a Crossfire mission.
Fixed a stuck waypoint in the final mission of The War Within quest.
Fixed a Host migration in the Plains resulting in previously destroyed resources reappearing.
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurred in the Plains.
Fixed the diamond in the Ki'Teer Sugatra not changing color when customizing the Energy color.
Fixed a loss of functionality when opening an empty Wishlist.
Fixed Clients seeing a much smaller Vazarin Sonic Dash shockwave VFX.
Fixed the icon for the Kavat Sentinel tail (was on upside down).
Fixed primary weapon displaying wrong Magazine/Ammo pool when it is out of Ammo and is switched to from dual wielding.
Fixed unveiling a Riven if you enter Navigation before the unveil UI pops up resulting in your UI breaking. 
Fixed a hitch when initiating Archwing in the Mastery Rank 25 test.
Fixed a hitch in the final mission of The New Strange quest.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.11.2
**Date:** 2018-02-07T19:24:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.11.2:
We have a juicy Mainline update, Shrine of the Eidolon, scheduled for this week. But in the wake of Prime Vault Relics being put into Bounties there are vocal issues that we wanted to address before we're heads down until this update ships on PC.
Also, if you didn't see we posted another Dev Workshop on the upcoming Warframe Revisited changes:
Tweaked the Bounty reward rotations to eliminate patterns of repeated rewards.
For clarification: This change does not affect what rewards you can get in a given Bounty run. This change made it so that we make sure you see all 3 reward rotations of those in a given 7.5 hour span (since each day is 2.5 hours).

### Fixes
Fixes towards Bounties insta-failing when stepping out into the Plains, and also enemies not spawning.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.11.1
**Date:** 2018-02-06T18:58:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.11.1:
Manipulate, incinerate and shatter your enemies with this Prime Vault Unsealed. The Prime Vault is open now on all platforms and brings back Loki Prime, Ember Prime and Frost Prime for a limited time. Returning with them are other high-demand Vaulted Prime Accessories and Weapons along with discounted Platinum in four unique packs: the Loki & Ember Dual Prime Pack, the Loki Deception Prime Pack, the Ember Fire Prime Pack, and the Frost Ice Prime Pack:
Ember Prime, Frost Prime, Loki Prime, Wyrm Prime, Bo Prime, Sicarus Prime, Glaive Prime, Latron Prime, and Reaper Prime Relics have been added as Cetus Bounty rewards for a limited time. You can also find these limited Vaulted Relics in Relic Packs from the Market or as Syndicate rewards.
The new Relics are:
Lith G2
Meso E1
Meso F3
Neo F1
Neo E1
Axi L1
Axi S2
Why Bounties?
We put these Relics in the Bounties not only to change it up, but to also allow for extremely focused Relic acquisition. By having these Relics concentrated in the Bounties, it also leaves the rest of the Star Chart open for placement of new Relics when the next Prime Access begins so you'll have a change of environment while keeping with the same system: hunting Primes.
Remember, this is a 2 month unvaulting, which means these Relics have 2 months to be acquired. In that time, we will be closely monitoring how reproducible Performance issues may factor into this round and possibly revisit Relic placement. We do want to keep it the same on all Platforms so we'll need a bit of time to make changes.
All Bounties reward rotations from tiers 2 to 5 have a Vaulted Relic in it, and be sure to check our droprates site for the latest!
Updated textures to the Trinity Knightess Skin at the creator's request.
Improved the lighting in the Market diorama.
Followers (Specters, Rescue Target, etc) no longer cancel charging if they switch targets while using a charging weapon.

### Fixes
Fixed the Plains door not opening when selecting a Bounty and attempting to join a squad by walking out to the Plains. 
Fixes towards a progression stopping issue where Jordas would not dock properly caused by Itzal's Blink stun effect.
Fixed moving Infested Spores not lowering the engine charge percentage in the Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed Infested Spores sometimes moving incredible fast or not at all when spawned in the Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed the Trinity Knightess and Excalibur Corpra Helmet being Arcaned. 
Fixed Stalker going too far with the whole "I'm a badass trolling jerk" routine by initiating permanent lockdown in Void/Derelict/Lua missions.
Fixed Volt's Capacitance Augment giving Shields to Operators. 
Fixed the Zenistar not throwing out the disc when the Tengoken Skin is equipped.
Fixed the Corona Syandana Energy color always being blue and unable to tint it properly. 
Fixed Oberon Prime's Armor being rotated incorrectly when equipping the Feyarch Skin.
More fixes towards Extraction markers appearing in Exterminate mission when there were still enemies left to kill.
Fixed script error when viewing Melee weapon cosmetics when you don't have a Melee weapon in current loadout.
Fixed script error causing permanent Invisibility for Loki if the Invisibility expires while using Operator.
Fixed Lanka not being able to hit ragdolls.
Fixed enemies not shooting Octavia's Mallet+Resonator combo if they were following the ball first before starting aggro from Mallet.
Fixed completing Konzu's first Plains quest resulting in the objective marker pointing the Plains after returning to Cetus.
Fixed the Chat window auto switching to Cetus instance tab rather than squad chat when returning from Plains to Cetus.
Fixed reload circle turning blue after using a Charge trigger type weapon (Drakgoon, Rakta Cernos, etc). The intended color is white when reloading.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.11.0
**Date:** 2018-01-31T21:41:13Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a Mote Amp Blueprint to Onkko's inventory (you can now purchase a new one with Standing in case you sold yours).
Zaws can now be linked in Chat! The name you Entitled your Zaw will also appear in the list that populates from typing in Zaw.
Added subcategories 'Resources' 'Ayatan' and 'Misc', to Codex > Universe > Objects.
Added Inaros Canopic Glyphs.
Added Ivara Zirastra Glyphs. 
Added Wukong Macak Glyphs.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.11.0:
Added a new celebratory success sound for doing a perfect Mining extraction in the Plains!
Added different levels of FX for Mining success. 
The Gem count now stays on screen until the Mining reward fades.
The Mining outline now stays visible longer (8 seconds) while you're cutting.
Reduced the accuracy required to get a perfect Mining extraction, meaning you don't need to be as close to the line as before!
Final stage of all Bounties now rewards an item from tier 1 or 2 (instead of tier 0,1, or 2). 
Reduced value of Mote Amp when selling to 2500 Credits. 
Improved Specter firing logic during Hold Position.
Improved Specter fire rate when using Peacemaker.
Overall sound optimizations by polishing sample rates in a few areas.
Mastery ranked locked items in the Foundry will now display which exact Mastery Level is required instead of just saying 'MASTERY LOCKED'.
You can now preview custom weapon Zaw builds from Hok and Amps from Onkko with parts you don't own yet. This should help you figure out which parts you want to get for your own:
(Item will not Preview until all 3 parts are selected)

### Fixes
Fixed Daily Tribute potentially giving a vaulted Relic. 
Fixed Nidus' Passive making you permanently invincible in the Simulacrum after switching Warframes. 
Fixed Nidus' Larva Burst Augment not activating when using "Use Selected Power" input.
Fixed Bait falling through the water along the ocean.
Fixed Clients being able to see 'Not Visible When Holstered' weapons while in Relays and Cetus. 
Fixed camera not moving downwards if you crouch on land after spawning in Archwing & Archwing Submersible missions.
Fixed several meshes not appearing properly on Lua.
Fixed Specters not being able to use Ability weapons with 0 max clip size (eg. Ivara's Artemis Bow).
Fixed Specters' trying to melee while using ranged weapons that do not allow it. 
Fixed incorrect Status Effect for Specters using Radial Blind and Radial Javelin.
Fixed Octavia's Resonator not dealing damage to enemies following it. 
Fixed console hovering in air in Corpus Ship cargo room. 
Fixed player-marked Somachords having the wrong icons. 
Fixed some unreleased Mods that slipped out by accident. 
Fixed crafting Junction tasks sometimes not working.
Fixed some spawns and mesh on Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed too much bloom on Articula market diorama. 
Fixed too much bloom on a Lua Capture tileset.
Fixed Abilities 2, 3, and 4 not showing when ready in Conclave. 
Fixed a black line appearing on the side of your screen in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed Exterminate Extraction markers appearing when there are still enemies left to kill.
Fixed AI (Rescue Targets, Specters, etc) not being able to use the Ferrox.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.10.3
**Date:** 2018-01-29T20:51:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.10.3:
Reduced the time between Bounty stages from 8 seconds to 4 seconds so you're not waiting around for Lotus to tell you where to go next. 
Transferring to Operator or back to Warframe will now inherit the sprint button state of your previous form.
Optimized the ambient sounds in the Liset mission loading screen.

### Fixes
Fixed Loki Decoy kills counting towards your score in Conclave.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.10.2
**Date:** 2018-01-26T19:02:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Mining Buff:
Now: 15% + 3% per filled gem icon 
Previously: 10% + 2% per filled gem icon
Increased Specter ability cooldowns.

### Fixes
Fixed unconscious/ragdolled enemies not taking damage on clients; this was causing a wide range of gear to Weapons and Powers to be broken as well as a number of crashes.
Fixed Mesa Deluxe Glyph Loc.
Fixed Operator sometimes looking back during transmissions. 
Fixed Larva Burst not appearing in Codex or linking in chat. 
Fixed elevator markers sticking to the edge of the screen.
Fixed Metronome giving infinite buff when 2+ people activate it. 
Fixed multiple castings of Hallowed Ground causing them to share the same duration. 
Fixed Titania Razorwing augment adding infinite lasting buffs when casting abilities after entering and immediately exiting Razorwing.
Fixed Thurible animation not ending when out of energy. 
Fixed kuva braids not disappearing after being destroyed. 
Fixed a handful of weapons so that meleeing with them does not cancel sprint.
Fixed Seeking Shuriken not reducing target armor. 
Fixed missing ankle buckle on Mesa Presidio. 
Fixed Decoy dropping Oro in Conclave.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.10.1
**Date:** 2018-01-26T04:48:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.10.1:
Things we're still investigating for another Hotfix:
Sentinel Vacuum not Vacuuming up certain items
Harrow's Thurible animation doesn't automatically stop playing after you run out of Energy.
Removed 3 unreleased Mods from Mod Packs/Transmutation and made them untradable.

### Fixes
Fixed UI locking up when attempting to do a Focus Conversion with Eidolon Shards.
Fixed enemies not getting up from ragdoll if they survived Nidus' Larva Burst Augment being triggered.
Fixed a crash when viewing your Companion in the Arsenal. 
Fixed a crash when your Kubrow picked up a ragdolled enemy.
Fixed a crash when casting Ivara's Prowl.
Fixed not being able to Quick Melee after entering the Plains form Cetus.
Fixed some Alerts not appearing in the Alert Navigation window. 
Fixed missing Syndicate Syandana FX.
Fixed Fish clipping through the floor of their Codex diorama.
Fixed Vacuum not working consistently for clients.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.10.0
**Date:** 2018-01-25T23:53:14Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added a reusable Blueprint for converting Intact Sentient Cores to Exceptional Sentient Cores. This Blueprint is available from Onkko in Cetus. This is an addition to help provide an alternative, but still invested, way for players to progress in the Quills. 
Added back long lost functionality of showing 'Inspect Player' help text when looking at other Players in Relays/Cetus.
The Teralyst has a new purple shield bar that will appear overtop its health bar until depleted. This is to give players a better indication of how much shields it has left. 
We now present players with the option to buy a Forma Bundle when using the Upgrade screen to install Forma. 
Added filters to the Fish inventory screen at Fisher Hai-Luk's shop (Small, Medium, Large).
Added distinct icons for Elevator controls going up or down and increased the speed of some Elevators. 
You can now decide to only allow friend invites from certain groups (All, Friends of Friends, etc). 
You can now see how many of a given Mod you own if you click it through Chat Linking!
Added Time of Day text to the Free Roam node for the Plains of Eidolon!
Added Replay Quest option for A Man of Few Words. 
Added Replay Quest option for Stolen Dreams. 
Added a small delay when transitioning to jog from run after firing a weapon so you have time to play your fire animation. Before depending on the weapons refire wait time, you wouldn't have enough time to raise your arms so bullets sort of just shot out of your body.
Added separate category for Sentient and Eidolon kills in Profile stats. 
Added each type of fish from the Plains in the Codex.
Added 'Defend' icons to Eidolon Lures in the Plains. This icon will change to blue (0, 219, 255 to be exact) when the Lure is fully charged.
Added options to Flip Horizontal and Vertical for artwork within the Display customization window.
Added 4 new Grineer Asteroid Capture/loot rooms, and a new Capture objective room.
Added a Settings options for enabling/disabling hit sounds. This will be a toggle that disables the function entirely (instead of just muting the mixer) to save performance when disabled.
Added a Kuva count label under the 'confirm' button when attempting to reroll a Riven to inform you of how much Kuva you currently have.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.10.0:
Disclaimer:
Tenno!
This Update brings you yet another Mainline!
You may recall from the end of 2017 what that means... it could be a bit bumpy!
We're standing by to fix any issues.
The major reason for this mainline is that we've done a massive Code audit that touched almost 3000 different core engine files to better optimize Warframe.
While this Update brings you some new fashion frame options for Mesa and 3 new Augments, the majority of this Update is focused on bringing fixes and Quality of Life changes.
If that's not what you're after, we've got lots of great stuff coming very soon.
The Plains are going to get a lot more dangerous at night in an upcoming Update.....
You can now damage Vay Hek up to 25% of his total Health (was 10% previously) while his Propaganda Drone is active before it shuts off. This will result in less waiting around, and will make Vay Hek in Terra Frame easier to deal with.
Reduced base Armor of Vay Hek in his Terra Frame from 225 to 200.
Ghoul Lore Fragments are simply way more likely to drop within Bounties now.
Ghoul enemies themselves can now also drop the Lore Fragments (and Ghouls always have a chance to appear outside of Ghoul Bounties!). 
Ghoul Bounty tables have received new items including Nitain, Cetus Wisps, and Breath of the Eidolon!
Equinox's Night-Form 'Mend' now regenerates Shields of Allies as enemies are killed within range.
Increased the drop chance of Intact Sentient Cores from Vomvalysts to 100%.
Updated description of Kwath (Grip) to properly inform of its stats: 
"Light weight" now reads "Heavy weight"
"increase in speed" now reads "increase in damage"
"cost of damage" now reads "cost of speed".
Updated the description on Zaw balances to say "link" instead of "counterweight".
Removed the Mastery Rank 2 requirement from the MK1-Furis.
Updated the Design Council tips that appear in the loading screen and removed some that don't apply anymore.
Bounties are now Mastery Rank tiered! In the current system, a player of any Mastery Rank could queue up and join any Bounty, even the highest level ones! In order to avoid a mismatch in experience, we've simply set each Bounty to have a default Mastery Rank. It looks a little something like this:
When the Acolytes are live, players will only see them in the World State panel once they've completed Vor's Prize.
Eidolon Lures now follow both Warframe or Operator rather than just the Warframe. The Lure will also now teleport to the player it's following if/when it gets too far away/stuck. 
Warframe Specters are now much smarter!
If you don't recall, Specters are craftable gear you can equip to summon an AI companion in battle.
We've done a general intelligence pass on their proficiency with Weapons, and we've also updated their power-casting logic.
Virtually every power is now castable with only a few exceptions!
Specters CANNOT cast the following Abilities: Vauban's Minelayer, Ivara's Zipline, Titania's Razorwing, Nekros' Desecrate and Shadows of the Dead, Excalibur's Exalted Blade, Valkyr's Hysteria, Wukong's Primal Fury, Cloud Walker, and Defy, Atlas' Petrify and Tectonics, Limbo's entire kit (save for the damage aspect of Banish), and finally Zephyr's Dive Bomb. 
Security cameras now trigger more intelligently, the Corpus have upgraded their software. 
Improved the UI on Defection missions by having instruction text, aligning objectives, and better colour coding for defector icons. 
Increased duration of Duality Augment to be 10 seconds at Max Rank (affected by Duration Mods).
Second Dream now has two vaults instead of three during the first Spy mission. 
Disabled Stalker, Arc traps, and random transmissions during some quest missions. 
Updated some doors which still had red non-interactive locked materials to new off versions. 
Instead of redundantly showing both Fire Rate and Charge Rate on bows, they now hide Fire Rate unless comparing to a non-bow weapon. 
Changed the background on selected Tenno customizations to be the same white as when selecting customizations from the Arsenal. 
Improved Sprint/Toggle Sprint so that sprinting stops less often. 
Standing in place with sprint key down no longer causes the sprint posture (for the purposes of Prowl and such).
When a player tries to sell their last Sentinel, a more informative message will appear to explain why it cannot be sold. 
Somachord now continues playing where you left off when you return to your Orbiter.
Somachord Tones now have their own marker icon when waypointing/finding one in a mission.
Removed the "kill unalerted enemies" or "hack 1 terminal" Challenges from The Law of Retribution and The Jordas Verdict.
The War Within Choice Scene has been changed to be untradable.
Tweaked the Cryona Syandana default Tint colors to better match the original Steam Workshop image. 
Increased the Health of the Loki Specter in the Neptune Junction on Uranus.
Removed the equip sound from the Fishing Spear.
Changed the 'disable sniper scopes' HUD option to be 'use sniper scopes' instead to fit with the positive style of other option wordings.
Increased follow radius of Drone in the Drone Hijack Incursion from 30m to 50m.
Lowered health of Grineer Auto Turrets from 1250 to 1100. 
Lowered health from 650 to 550 and armor from 100 to 75 of the big Dropship Turret.
Tweaked wording/order in the Landing Craft menu:
Renamed 'PLACE DECORATIONS' to 'DECORATE'
Renamed 'CUSTOMIZE INTERIOR' to 'INTERIOR COLORS'
Flipped the order of those two options
Nox enemies will now react when being damaged by a Stealth attack. Before they would remain not alerted after taking some stealthy damage.
Operators will now automatically go back into Void Mode after a Void Blast if crouch is still being held (and they have enough Energy).
Replaced old damaged Liset ship in Vor's Prize cinematic with new damaged version.
Sabotage missions on Settlement, Shipyards, and Gas City tilesets now have 2 stages.
The Arca Plasmor received a change yesterday where headshots no longer deal bonus damage. The Arca Plasmor was designed to hit multiple targets with a high-status chance, but with wide wave projectiles and inherent punch-through, a single shot could result in multiple headshots. With it being a shotgun, it was never intended to behave as a precision weapon, and the bonus pushed it too far out of that mold.
However! While this has changed, headshots should still deal damage (without the multiplier). Currently, there is a bug where headshots deal absolutely 0 damage. This is obviously not intended, and we are working on a fix to resolve this issue. 
We apologize for missing this in the original version of the update notes for 22.10.0! As we've mentioned before, mainline updates can be a bit rocky (last night's 4 a.m. ET hotfix for example). Thank you for your understanding.
Conclave Stance Fateful Truth Leading Blade combo now only hits once during the dash.
Conclave Stance Fateful Truth Sudden Spring combo damage reduced.

### Fixes
Fixed the active Bounty disappearing when attempting to load into the Plains with a full squad.
Fixes towards some Bounties auto-failing. 
Fixes towards Host and Clients loading into different Cetus Instances which results in issues loading into Bounties/Plains together. 
Fixed the squad Reactant counter staying at 10 Reactant until you pick up your first Reactant in an endless Fissure Interception mission.
Fixed not being able to initiate Sky Archwing when one has been deployed before a Host migration occurred. 
Fixed attempting to change your Mandachord song as an Operator in the Simulacrum, breaking Octavia and getting a script error.
Fixed crashing when using the Unairu Wisp Focus ability. 
Fixed Mission Abort sometimes giving a 'disconnected from the host' message.
Fixed various Polearms having incorrect attachments when the Phorcys Skin is equipped.
Fixed Viral Status Effects expiring on enemies which could result in a downed Capture Target to stand back up and continue running for dear life. 
Fixed preview dioramas for Companions sometimes being empty.
Fixed numerous Gear items (Apothics, Beacons, etc) not being consumed when used by Operators.
Fixed crashing when casting Mirage's Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed Speed not properly creating FX for non-Volts.
Fixed the Hyekka Master Codex entry drops not being all CAPS.
Fixed interacting with your Companion in the Helminth Infirmary after removing the Cyst resulting in the door locking you in.
Fixed Kavats playing death sounds when changing Mods in the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed female Operators sometimes having distorted faces in Captura.
Fixed Archwing Affinity gained not showing in the End of Mission screen when leaving the Plains via menu or returning to Cetus.
Fixed a blank panel showing up among weapons in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed misaligned UI in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed Ergo Glast having a grammatical error as reported here:
Fixed spot-loading when attempting to join a mission on Earth.
Fixed not being able to scale the Chat window in 4k for Big Picture Mode.
Fixed an issue where Energy Orbs would not spawn in the Index if a player joined in progress.
Fixed an issue where Clients viewing 'End of Mission' information in the Index would cause disconnection. 
Fixed an issue with login-reward boosters showing the wrong duration. 
Fixed an issue with context actions appearing in incorrect locations on certain decorations. 
Fixed an issue with loss of functionality with Harrow's Thurible.
Fixed being able to ragdoll enemies affected by Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed an issue with Nova's Antimatter Drop going off in the wrong direction on cast. 
Fixed Saryn's spores preventing unconscious enemies from recovering from ragdoll and just dying instead.
Fixed an issue where enemies would be stuck on the ground instead of getting pulled into Nidus' Larva.
Fixed an issue where Melee attacks would sometimes appear to deal '0' damage to targets with Spores on them. 
Fixed issues with Host Migration affecting the way Lures recharge. 
Fixed issues with the Halikar's sound FX staying on forever if it's thrown and the owner falls into a teleport volume. 
Fixed various script errors that would result in game hangs. 
Fixed issues on the Grineer Asteroid tileset where environment would poke out and leave map holes. 
Fixed an issue where trying to visit a Relay with visiting Tenno on your Orbiter could result in them getting sent back to their Orbiter instead of the Relay. 
Fixed a possible crash in the Law of Retribution. 
Fixed issues where host migration while loading back into Cetus could have people stuck on the screen forever. 
Fixed an issue where Sentient Cores would disappear if a player joins when one is on the ground. 
Fixed issues with equipping the Maggor Leg Guards on incorrect legs. 
Fixed an issue where Focus power sounds were not properly playing for clients.
Fixed an issue where you could not pet your Companions on their Bed decorations.
Fixed an issue with Foundry categories blinking when searching. 
Fixed an issue where dying on a Zipline would allow you to run around in a 'Revive' state. 
Fixed Gunblade style weapons not playing nice with Limbo's Rift and Stasis.
Fixed a visual Bug with Vay Hek appearing fully formed during his Terra Frame transition. 
Fixed missing hints on where Harrow's Blueprint is in the Market.
Fixed issues with being unable to leave Cetus if Clients remain in the tunnel. 
Fixed a vestigial 'Orokin' section of the Leaderboards from appearing which is already properly accounted for under 'Void'.
Fixed issues where Cetus instances could crash and not come back up. 
Fixed a mislabeled Grokdrul Injector. 
Fixed Limbo's Stasis not properly pausing Zenistar VFX and duration timer. 
Fixed wrong username in clan list if they accepted the clan invite after changing their name.
Fixed fish swimming through terrain when affected by bait.
Fixed players being offered to purchase Archwing items before finishing the quest. 
Fixed Derelict Sabotage showing improper image. 
Fixed Mods consumed during Fusion getting reinstalled automatically if a duplicate is owned. 
Fixed ragdolling ghoul Augers while underground causing them to fall through the ground. 
Fixed visible water line in Derelict pipe.
Fixed Gara's helmet disappearing if Splinter Storm is used while Cloaked. 
Fixed Exalted Blade local FX on cast not working.
Fixed Eidolon Lens Blueprint with no description text dropping from the Plains. 
Fixed Ember Vermillion helmet VFX displayed on screen while scoped in. 
Fixed being unable to see typing in chat if screen set to wider than 1920.
Fixed Randomize button not randomizing color of attachments. 
Fixed a spot where the Capture Target could get stuck on Uranus tileset. 
Fixed Mod illustration/image stretching outside of Mod outline in Bounty screen. 
Fixed Landing Craft scanner showing OFF action when already off and ON when already on instead of vice versa. 
Fixed Inspect text not displaying when targeting a player in a Relay. 
Fixed a couple holes in Grineer tilesets. 
Fixed Corinth showing Astilla model on the ground when disarmed. 
Fixed Manduka leggings clipping through other Operator clothing. 
Fixed color customization for Tenno Markings affecting Accessories as well. 
Fixed having your Archwing-specific settings active after returning to your ship from an Archwing mission.
Fixed Focus resetting to 0 when switching from Archwing to Warframe mode.
Fixed joining a friend bypassing build version check that makes sure both are up to date.
Fixed camera getting stuck if you happen to die/go into a Bleedout state just as you use Transference.
Fixed description text to be more appropriate for the Incubator ("Active Pet" instead of "Active Kubrow").
Fixed Clients seeing the Javlok explosion after the enemy falls to the ground and the Javlok floating a couple feet from the point of actual impact.
Fixed the Cryona Syandana sitting too high on Valkyr, Valkyr Prime, and Valkyr Gersemi Skin.
Fixed the Corpus Nullifier Capture Target not appearing under the 'Corpus' Faction in the Codex.
Fixed an NPC in the Relay that you could inspect which resulted in an error popup.
Fixed Grineer camp encounters in the Plains sometimes not triggering.
Fixed a hole in the Lua tileset that you could escape from.
Fixed Grineer Flame Lancers using a one-handed grip on a two-handed grip weapon.
Fixed the Pedestal Prime diorama being too zoomed in. 
Fixed all players hearing muted audio when someone is aiming with the Fishing Spear.
Fixed the Buzlok scope not maintaining square pixel aspect ratio.
Fixed misaligned textures on the Grineer Scorch helmet.
Fixed a Client boarded on another player's Orbiter being sent back to their ship instead of the Relay (when selected).
Fixed being able to pick up unlimited Antiserum Injectors/antidotes as the Operator.
Fixed VFX popping when viewing Warframes and The Silver Grove diorama in the Codex.
Fixed sometimes connecting to the wrong language when attempting to chat in a Relay.
Fixed Zephyr's Tornado affecting Shik Tal of the Grustrag Three. Special units (like the G3) are meant to have immunities to Warframe powers.
Fixed another case of Grineer jumping incredible lengths to try and kill you.
Fixed excessive bloom on the Misa Prime Syandana.
Fixed Clients hearing door opening sounds twice simultaneously.
Fixed the camera panning instead of snapping during a specific Second Dream cinematic.
Fixed Zephyr being rotated away from the camera after your first death in Flappy Zephyr.
Fixed Gallium, Argon, and Rubedo Decorations appearing blown out when placed in your Orbiter. 
Fixed casting Ash's Shuriken on a knocked down enemy resulting in the Slash Status Effect hitting several times a second, often killing the enemy outright. This was most commonly seen when using Zenurik's Temporal Blast.
Fixed a script error when the host leaves the squad in a Relay.
Fixed End of Quest rewards being visible when choosing to replay the quest. This was causing players to think that they were getting the reward again for replaying it. 
Fixed VOIP constantly transmitting voice when 'push to talk' is enabled while in a squad.
Fixed instances of not being able to Gild the Mote Amp as reported here:
Fixed Cameras not triggering Turrets in some situations.
Fixed a turret on Asteroid Defection tileset that could block defectors from moving through a doorway.
Fixed Hydroid's water textures appearing incorrectly and jagged from far away.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.9.0
**Date:** 2018-01-17T18:31:13Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
The War Within Choice Scene has been added to Captura! Completing The War Within for the first time will reward this in your Inbox. For those that have already completed The War Within quest, it has been retroactively added to your Captura Scene selection right on login. 
Melee weapons will now display a 'Block Damage' reduction stat in the Arsenal! This stat varies mostly between weapon categories, and while there are only select Mods that enhance the effects of blocking, the stat is still valuable to expose the mechanic. If you favour a melee playstyle, we hope you find this information valuable! 
Added a bit more variety to the dynamic weather in the Plains:
Wind will become stronger if it is pouring. Currently rain and wind are independent of each other and cycle in a predictable pattern that we want to avoid.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.9.0tennogen Round 11 Is Here, And It'S Our Biggest Round Yet!:
The top left HOME tab has been renamed to CATEGORIES 
The Drop Down Icon has changed to an Arrow
Renamed the first category in the drop down menu (currently called HOME) to FEATURED 
Updated Icons for CATEGORIES and FEATURED 
The TennoGen tab in the Market now has individual categories to better organize and sort the amazing growing collection of TennoGen items. 
Warframes and Weapons that you have fully ranked up will now display a 'Mastered' label in the items panel when viewing them in the Market diorama.
Converted the Quartakk to a burst fire that fires all 4 rounds at the same time instead of a semi auto that fires 4 bullets per shot.
Increased fire rate from 6.32 to 12.67.
Increased Accuracy from 58.8 to 90.9.
Reduced damage from 51 to 27.
Increased Stubba's ammo pool from 285 to 399.
Sarpa and Redeemer trace distance reduced to 300m to match the rest of the non-sniper weapons.
Updated all mentions of "anti-matter" to read "antimatter".
Update description of Nova's Null Star to reflect the damage reduction it gives per particle:
Each active particle gives +5% damage reduction to Nova's Health, stacking up to 90%.
Replace a vaulted Relic (Meso V2) with a current Relic (Meso H1) in the Daily Tribute rewards.
The Plague Kripath now uses Rapier melee style instead of Sword melee style.
Spearfishing spears can now kill Condrocs and Kuakas if you wish to do that. 
Optimized memory related to the Star Chart.
Upon getting an OOM (Out Of Memory) crash, you will now be directed to to guide you through some manual solutions.
Viper Wraith damage reduced in Conclave.
Reduced the projectile width of the Arca Plasmor.
Reduced dash distance of Conclave stance Fateful Truth's Leaping Blade.
Conclave Mod Skull Shots can no longer refresh while it's effect is active.
The Conclave Mod Overcharged description now correctly states that 100% of 50 Energy converted to Energy on respawn.

### Fixes
Fixes towards losing selected Bounty upon loading into the Plains with a full squad.
Fixes towards Vomvalysts sometimes spawning at level 9999.
Fixed Clients disconnecting on loading screen when entering a Captura Scene if the Host is Nidus and has the Mucusk Syandana equipped.
Fixed the Corvette suddenly spraying and praying projectiles which led to getting insta-killed as seen here:
Fixed getting stuck in the Operator customization screen when attempting to replay the Second Dream quest.
Fixed getting no additional damage from Excalibur's passive when using Excalibur with a sword or rapier Zaw.
Fixed having to restart the Zaw naming process all over again if you attempted to put an invalid character in the name. You will now be sent back to the Zaw naming input screen.
Fixed enemies not spawning during the Defense portion of The War Within quest after following the ship through the asteroids.
Fixed some cases where the Thousand-Year Fish Statuette was not awarded after scanning them all. You should now see it in your Inbox/Inventory. 
Fixed Mirage Hall of Mirror clones not properly applying weapon upgrades to projectile weapons.
Fixed the Javlok no longer sticking inside of enemies that did not die from the javelin.
Fixed the Javlok marker not displaying if Transferring to Operator before the Javlok lands.
Fixed a Host Migration breaking the Grineer Sealab Sabotage mission if occurred at the beginning.
Fixed sounds/visual FX playing in the Orbiter when certain loadouts were applied to Articula.
Fixed the Articula changing to a random loadout upon switching Sentinels. 
Fixed Apothic Codex entries not being given during The Silver Grove quest.
Fixed Emoting on a kneeling pad causing the context action to swap and the emote won't clear.
Fixed an issue where not all birds (ground birds vs already flying birds) in Plains of Eidolon were counting towards the Pest Control achievement.
Fixed Nezha Warding Halo ability timer not displaying when Transferring back from Operator.
Fixed Noggles sometimes losing their head.
Fixed only reloading 1 bullet (instead of the whole magazine) if you use alt fire on the Corinth while reloading the first bullet.
Fixed some enemy navigation issues at the entrance of Vay Hek's Assassination boss room.
Fixed causing a Host migration after reaching point B in a Defection mission causing the defectors to not leave point B when you tell them to. 
Fixed another instance of Grineer gaining super leg strength and jumping 40 meters to greet you as seen here:
Fixed the Simulor's Critical Chance displaying 2% instead of 12% in the Arsenal.
Fixes towards objective marker not guiding you to each stage of Vay Hek's Assassination boss fight.
Fixed numerous spot loading issues when joining a squad.
Fixed Titania ability script errors when entering the Simulacrum Arsenal while they are active.
Fixed being able to Archwing out of the level during the Archwing phase in The War Within quest.
Fixed not being able to Chat link the "Landing Craft Foundry Segment" and the "Nutrio Incubator Upgrade Segment".
Fixed automatically hard landing when attempting to switch weapons while Aim Gliding. 
Fixed seeing a 'Friend Note' lingering when entering the tunnel to the Plains.
Fixed some Relics showing "Cetus Bounties" multiple times in their Drop Sources list.
Fixed the UI locking up when using a controller and attempting to add a friend.
Fixed a small hitch when loading into any Earth mission.
Fixed the Mercury Junction appearing as a tile texture when flying into it.
Fixed receiving an error when attempting to sell the Mote Amp.
Fixed a script error when casting Gara's Mass Vitrify.
Fixed the Invasion UI showing 3/3 completed missions after completing more than 3 missions.
Fixed misaligned text in the Invasion tab in the World State Window.
Fixed an unlocalized message when you have completed a Mobile Defense mission.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.4
**Date:** 2018-01-11T22:00:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.4:

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.3
**Date:** 2018-01-11T14:32:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.3:
You can now replay the Apostasy Prologue quest in your Codex! (Not that my body is ready for those feels AGAIN)
You can now properly waypoint dropped weapon parts/Blueprints.
More than doubled the size of the Cetus Wisp pickup radius. This will allow you to obtain the Cetus Wisp from further away instead of needing to be right on top of it.
Reduced Vay Hek's zap Magnetic Status to not drain Energy completely.
Zaw strike Plague Kripath now uses the default Rapier holster position when used with a one handed Zaw Grip.
Itzal Penumbra now turns off sprint toggle so you don't immediately cancel out of the cloak when using it.
Plains of Eidolon Sorties are now a string of 3 encounters that must be completed in order to finish the mission. 
Items claimed while in the foundry's "In Progress" tab will now stay in the tab until the tab is changed so you can choose to build it again right after.
Made improvements towards the dynamic sky in the Plains to reduce sun lens flare popping.
Improvements towards enemy navigation throughout the Corpus Ice Planet Defense tileset.
Replaced the Jupiter-Saturn Junction requirement of 'defeat the Raptor on Europa' with 'complete Baal on Europa'. This is due to the Raptor's boss fight getting increasingly difficult after his re-work, which created frustration for newer players attempting to unlock the Junction. 
Tweaked the brightness/visibility of Frost's Snow Globe in the Plains at night.
When browsing Warframes/weapons to equip, you will now see the equipped Skin displayed on the Warframe/weapon icon instead of the default icon. 
Optimized away about 250KB of code spread throughout the whole game (over 1% savings!)
Changed Vault timer UI text in Spy missions to flash red instead of grey and added /!\ warning icon like in Interception missions.
Tweaked Plains Bounty objective text to make hierarchy and relatedness clearer by enlarging, bolding, and aligning with other objective text on the screen.

### Fixes
Fixes towards squads getting separated when enroute to the Plains. This resulted in some players successfully loading into the Plains and some remaining stuck in the hallway perpetually loading.
Fixed not switching Cetus instances when accepting an invitation from another player in a different instance.
Fixed being left behind in Cetus if you joined a Host the moment they ran into the hallway and saw the loading spinner icon.
Fixed an issue where players who joined a session after the host returned to Cetus from the Plains could receive different rewards than the Host if they subsequently did Bounties together.
Fixed Konzu Bounty board not auto-refreshing a minute after current batch expires.
Fixed Bounties not consistently being marked as "completed" on Bounty board after finishing them.
Fixed Gara's Splinter Storm not dealing damage while invisible (Shade, Huras, Octavia etc).
Fixed Blade Storm making Ash unarmed when it ends if he activates it while holding a Scanner.
Fixed Ash's Blade Storm not removing the temporary melee weapon given to Ash if the only weapon he has is a Speargun (Javlok, Scourge, etc) and he's currently thrown the Speargun out when activating Blade Storm. 
Fixed being able to reach inaccessible areas (and becoming trapped) in the Jordas Verdict stage 2 tileset. 
Fixed Shred decreasing Vauban's armour instead of the enemies'.
Fixed the Telos Boltace Stormpath ability not working with the Maruta Tonfa Skin equipped. 
Fixed Eidolon Vomvalyst Lure tether not appearing on Clients.
Fixed Equinox Pacify & Provoke radial FX not being cleaned up on deactivation when on low particle system quality.
Fixed Chroma's Effigy Wing pelt using the default Skin when equipped with the Chroma Vojnik Skin. 
Fixed some Decorations not being removed from the Vignette area when switching Vignettes.
Fixed Tactical Reload Mod not working on the Quartakk as a Client.
Fixed Cetus Wisps being updated while the game was paused -
this could lead to them escaping while you answered the phone.
Fixed Mirage Prime's Hall of Mirror clones using some of the default Mirage texture on their bodies. 
Fixed the Mandachord Reload button not reloading the song and preventing any audio from the notes.
Fixed the Host being forced to freeze when playing the 'burrowing Ascaris' moment, while the Client actually playing the tutorial is not, resulting in the player being frozen in midair. 
Fixed the Cetus gate during a Sortie in the Plains not being blocked for Clients (who could simply return to Cetus for free victory).
Fixed Infested Crawlers standing upright when being stunned. This occurs when they are being affected by Elemental damage (fire/electricity) or knocked on their backs.
Fixed Client not seeing certain Decorations when boarding another Orbiter.
Fixed Client seeing incorrect Orbiter Energy color when boarding another Orbiter.
Fixed Rhino's Roar buff VFX not appearing on the helmets of Client players when viewed by Client players. The host sees the VFX on all parts for all players.
Fixed not being able to Melee again upon throwing the Sigma & Octanis shield while using Exalted Blade on Excalibur, until you deactivate and reactivate the power. 
Fixed the Sigma & Octantis not having any Elemental FX or Energy trails.
Fixed Nezha not throwing his Blazing Chakram off his back when the Nezha Devine or Yaksha Skin is equipped.
Fixed the Companion HUD bleedout timer pausing after using Transference.
Fixed items placed in the Vignette and then moved outside the Vignette getting removed upon changing the Vignette.
Fixed some enemy navigation issues in Uranus Defense tilesets. 
Fixed some enemy navigation and cover issues in the Grineer Shipyard Interception tilesets. 
Fixed the Defense cryopod target popping in and out of the cryopod when standing on top of it. 
Fixed not being able to rotate small Orbiter Decorations correctly.
Fixed energy trail FX on Palatine hammer Skin being positioned wrong when equipped on several weapons.
Fixed intermediate area markers displaying as an area marker instead of an icon when near the objective/extraction.
Fixed waypoint markers remaining visible in Cetus after that player has left.
Fixes towards Warframe abilities used by any NPCs sometimes not functioning properly.
Fixed Mesa's Regulators not receiving pistol upgrades for missions where you start in Archwing (Uranus). 
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker guns remaining visible after using Peacemaker if the user is equipped with the Mesa Devil Ranger skin. 
Fixed remote players hearing 3 shot sounds instead of 2 per Mesa Peacemaker fire.
Fixed Hive sometimes not becoming vulnerable after destroying nodes.
Fixed Specter abilities sometimes not working.
Fixed the 750 Daily Tribute rewarding you 3 Exilus Adapters instead of the intended 1.
Fixed a grammatical error in Teshin's Inbox message after completing The War Within quest.
Fixed the Operator Amp flickering in and out of the folded position when previewing/selecting new colors for the Amp in Operator customization screen.
Fixed Clients not gaining Amp Brace bonuses.
Fixed the UI not identifying the Juttni/Clapkra Brace recharge delay reduction/energy increase respectively.
Fixed being able to fire the Granmu Prism faster than intended by using Void Blast cancels.
Fixed female Operators having distorted faces, particularly when applying Focus-specific Animation Stances.
Fixed alt-fire short circuiting reload loops. This was specifically happening with the Corinth.
Fixed static indicators on the ability UI not being updated when Transferring from Warframe to Operator and then back to Warframe. 
Fixed chat pings for people with 'special' names when they're mentioned in another channel.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Ground FX to flicker at certain angles.
Fixed the Clan tier not increasing if the current max size of the alliance, including your Clan, plus the new Clan size, was over the max.
Fixed Client Gear item cooldowns not saving if a Host migration occured. 
Fixed some flickering windows in the Uranus tileset. 
Fixed a loss of functionality when placing and attempting to change the Glyph Display from default on your Orbiter.
Fixed a script error when loading the Operator customization screen with a controller.
Fixed a script error when selecting/deselecting fish rapidly at Fisher Hai-Luk.
Fixed a script error that caused the Arsenal UI to break after returning to Cetus.
Fixed a script error when Mining in the Plains.
Fixed a script crash that would occur when trying to Mod your Melee weapon in the Simulacrum Arsenal while Excalibur's Exalted Blade is active.
Fixed not returning to the Relay outside of the Simulacrum when leaving it.
Fixed a script error that occurred after completing missions.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.2
**Date:** 2018-01-04T20:43:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.2:
Made improvements towards correctly loading into the same Cetus Instance with your squad. This was resulting in perpetually attempting to load into the Plains upon which the doors never opened.
Reduced the number of Codex scans required for the Ghoul Target, Rictus Alpha, Auger Alpha, and Expired Deserter to 3.
Improved navigation and pathing behavior of Dropships in the Plains. 
Air Support Turrets spawned by the Host (as well as Turrets spawned by Clients prior to previous migrations) will now be destroyed when a Host migration occurs. This fixes Air Support Turrets lingering after a Host migration which resulted in being able to spawn more than 1 at a time. 
Removed placeholder items from Hok's daily Zaw special.
Removed a weird marker from Teshin in the first stage of The War Within quest.
Removed the Magazine value from the Gunsen Mod section in the Arsenal.
Gave the Sonicor a bit of 'oomph' back by tweaking the ragdoll force to allow a more horizontal ragdoll as opposed to ragdolling in place. Does this bring it back to its skyrocketing ways? No. But now it has an appropriate amount of 'oomph' that doesn't send you across the map to collect your dropped goodies.
Increased the size while wielded.
Added 0.5m Punch Through.
Added Ragdoll on Death.

### Fixes
Fixed not being able to progress in The War Within quest due to Void Dash not hitting certain enemies if you had Surging Dash equipped on your Warframe as per:
Fixed not being able to damage the Grineer Queen for a few seconds until she quits her yappin' in The War Within quest. The War Within speedrunners rejoice for precious seconds are SAVED!!
Fixed Nidus' Ravenous not working when Particle Quality is set to low.
Fixed objective markers remaining after destroying the corresponding vents in the Raptor boss fight. This also brings a potential fix for the objective vent being incorrect if a Host migration occured. 
Fixed Ghoul Lore Fragments not being awarded as a Bounty reward if you didn't have any Lore Fragments at all (that includes Cephalon Fragments, Thousand-Year Fish, etc).
Fixed Maim not damaging enemies if there are many enemies in its radius.
Fixed for Orbiter Decorations "disappearing" if moved from a room into an empty room.
Fixed missing dropped Mods listed when viewing Acolytes in the Codex.
Fixed the Hydraulus being invisible in some missions during Octavia's Anthem quest.
Fixed using Alt Fire key to detonate Zenith disc when both discs of Zenistar and Zenith weapon has been launched resulting in the detonation removing the HUD icon for Zenistar disc.
Fixed rare bugs where textures were missing in cases like the Arsenal.
Fixed a teleport triggering Transferring from your Warframe into the Operator only section inside Harrow's temple.
Fixed the Igaro Day of the Dead Syandana appearing offset when equipped on Excalibur, Nyx, Nyx Nemesis Skin, or Nyx Prime.
Fixed being able to select an Arsenal loadout you just deleted in the loadout selection popup.
Fixed the Gunsen spin attack sound and un-equip sound being audible for all players regardless of position.
Fixed unwanted sounds playing on some Zaw parts when equipped.
Fixed melee weapon hit sounds not being audible at certain times during combat.
Fixed Nidus' head appearing detached in his diorama. 
Fixed the Ghoul Devourer being stuck in a 2017 dab position in his Codex diorama.
Fixed the Hunter Command Mod not allowing pets to use other scripted abilities they have equipped (such as Smeeta Charm).
Fixed a few spots in the Plains where you could see underwater while fishing.
Fixed Ember's Vermillion Helmet flame FX lingering when using a sniper scope, Nosam Cutter, Codex Scanner or Synthesis Scanner.
Fixed overlapping Radius values displaying on the Surging Dash description. 
Fixed a script error when casting Oberon's Reckoning. 
Fixed a crash when changing loadouts in the Arsenal.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.8.1
**Date:** 2017-12-22T18:19:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Declining an invite to Orbiter will now prevent additional invites for 15 seconds. Repeatedly declining invites will increase the 15 second duration. You'll no longer receive stacks of invites from repeated requests.

### Fixes
Fixed missing mesh on Vahd Greaves. 
Fixed lighting in Personal Quarters. 
Fixed Ballistica Prime not creating proper 'Ghost' on Charged Attack kill. 
Fixed operator not facing the right way when getting back in their chair after customization with a stance equipped. 
Fixed Operator air sliding back into their seat.
Fixed a script error in Nidus' Larva that could prevent casting in some situations.
Fixed ghoul assassinate not counting kills if it started at an area previously used by a ghoul exterminate.
Fixed missing chat messages when people were kicked.
Optimized memory use in the Orbiter to help reactionary 32-bit people.
Fixed potential crash during host migration.
Fixed Blade and Gun Stencil & updated Grineer Fury for Personal Quarters.
Fixed only a single copy of a decoration being returned from a Vignette being returned if it contained multiples of the same type. 
Fixed Conclave being unplayable for clients.
Fixed Personal Quarters using client's favourite Warframe. 
Fixed client not seeing lure tethers connecting to Teralyst.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.8.0 + Hotfix 22.8.0.1
**Date:** 2017-12-21T18:48:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
As noted in our 2017/2018 Roadmap:
We are not shipping Damage 2.5 changes simply because we'd have less than a day to Hotfix issues. This applies to Volt changes too. We do not want to ship something that we are unable to Hotfix for more than a week.
We have plans to make 2018 kickoff with long overdue reviews. Enjoy your holidays with some new gear and more while we enjoy ours, and we'll return in 2018 well rested and ready to rock!
Fragments in your Codex are now categorized based on their origin (Cephalon, Cetus, Gara, and Ghouls). 
You can now replay Bounties for Standing!
You can now use Emotes in your Orbiter! Deep bows all around.
Mirage's Hall of Mirrors casting animation has been changed to match the style of the Mirage Prime trailer! 
Removed reticle animation when sprinting due to feedback. 
Improved sound ambience and performance on a Grineer Settlement tileset door. 
The body tendrils on Nezha's Yaksha Tennogen Skin is now tintable and will take tints from the tertiary slot. 
Lieutenant Lech Kril changes: 
Lech Kril will now prioritize using his ice abilities instead of melee when he can.
Upon destroying Lech Kril's backpack, his ice abilities will have their cooldowns reset to reduce time spent waiting around.
Changed Lech Kril's Ice Wave ability so that it doesn't halt the fight when players are meleeing him. 
Added FX to Lech Kril's weakspot that changes tint based on how much damage his backpack has taken to help make the objective clearer to new player. 
Very slightly tweaked hitbox location for backpack to try and achieve more consistent damage. 
When Decorating your Dojo, your selected Decoration will now be deselected if you type into the search bar and the Decoration in question does not appear on the results page. This should help prevent players accidentally building the wrong item!
Ambulas is now immune to Viral Damage. This will fix issues where Ambulas becomes unhackable.
Reset Dynamic Resolution back to off by default because on some systems it seems to malfunction.

### Fixes
Ghoul threats have arrived! These recurring bounties feature the Ghoul monstrosities. Help defend Cetus and destroy the Ghouls.... but their destruction may not be permanent! Expect the Ghouls to re-emerge regularly.
Ghoul Purge will introduce these new Grineer Ghoul Enemies and Variants:
GHOUL AUGER 
Known colloquially as the 'drill sergeant', the Augur is fast-grown into its enhancements. As with all Ghouls, no regard is given to the proper development of its higher functions. Cantilevered leg augments propel the unit toward the fray at speed, while over
and under-mounted extendable drill carriages magnify both reach and penetrating power.
GHOUL AUGER ALPHA 
Whether through aberrant cognition or sheer brutality one specimen always moves to the front of each pack. It is from this individual that the other units take their lead. 

GHOUL DEVOURER 
Vay Hek's personal favorite, the Devourer is a maximal terror unit. Draped in shreds of the diapause bag that birthed it, this gap-mawed monstrosity barrels toward prey with furious intensity. Wrist-mounted hooks are welded to elbow joints and hyperpowered by a myotechnological winch system for maximum impact-and-pull.
GHOUL EXPIRED 
The Expired are Ghouls who have succumbed to malnutrition or environmental poisoning during the early stages of development. Their backup nervous systems continue to drive them forward, however, making them ideal suicide troops.
GHOUL EXPIRED DESERTER 
Why this emaciated monstrosity chose to abandon its pack remains to be seen.
GHOUL RICTUS 
So named for its terrifying leer, the Rictus (AKA 'the Sawman') lives to divide and conquer its foes
literally. 

GHOUL RICTUS ALPHA 
This specimen shows evidence of advanced cognitive abilities and greater, if rudimentary, situational analysis. Cold blooded and ruthless, t is easy to see how this specimen led its pack so ably.
CORINTH 
Deliver a massive punch with each blast of this shotgun, or launch a round that explodes mid-air knocking down nearby enemies.
Find this weapon or its Blueprint in the Market today!
GUNSEN 
Lacerate attackers with two razor sharp warfans.
Find this weapon or its Blueprint in the Market or Tenno Research lab today!
Fans: Slicing Feathers! Twirling acrobatic slashes with a refined touch!
QUARTAKK
Annihilate targets with four simultaneous shots from this high-caliber Grineer rifle.
Find this weapon in the Market or from Ghoul Bounty rewards today!
STUBBA
Inflict rapid-fire bursts of pain with this Grineer submachine gun.
Find this weapon in the Market or from Ghoul Bounty rewards today!
MAGGOR SYANDANA
Victory over the Grineer, draped across your shoulders.
MAGGOR ARMOR BUNDLE
Grineer plate, trophies from battle on the Plains of Eidolon.
MAGGOR ASSAULT PACK
Make a devastating entrance with the Maggor Assault Pack. Includes the Quartakk quad-barrelled assault rifle and hard-hitting Stubba submachinegun, with matching Maggor armor and syandana.
To receive the new Personal Quarters Segment Blueprint, you must complete The War Within. Players who have already completed the quest will receive the Blueprint automatically in their inbox.
Vignettes: Choose the centerpiece of your Personal Quarters from the following 8 Vignettes. Each Vignette adds its own ambiance and flare to your space.
Earth Vignette
Aquarium Vignette 
Cephalon Vignette
Europa Vignette
Eidolon Vignette
Mars Vignette
Kuva Fortress Vignette
Purchase Vignettes individually from the selection list, or all of them from the "Vignette Bundle" located in the Market.
Stencils: Add some color and theme your Quarters' walls with Stencils!
Corpus Stencil
Grineer Queens Stencil
Grineer Stencil 
Ostron Stencil
Tenno Stencil
Purchase Stencils individually from the selection list or from the Market.
Aquarium: Bring home the fish you've caught from the Plains with your own Aquarium! Simply select "Customize Quarters" to pick the tank you want to house fish from your inventory. Fish will be removed from your inventory, but can be retrieved at any time from your tanks.
Warframe Display: Put your Warframe on display! Choose from your loadouts to showcase your best look in full scale.
Somachord: Add ambiance to your Orbiter with the Somachord! Unlock songs by locating and scanning Somachord Tones scattered throughout the Solar System. Find them all to complete songs!
To accommodate all the new decorations coming in Update 23, capacity has been split into 4 different areas (Transference Room, Helminth Infirmary, Personal Quarters, and everything in between) with a capacity of 1200 EACH to hold all your ship's flair.
And since we know some of you really enjoy personalizing your Orbiter, we will be overhauling decoration placement to be more streamlined in 2018! These currently unreleased changes (discussed in Devstream #103) will include grid snapping, placing floating decorations, and much more!
Warframe Articula: Posable scale models of your favorite Warframes are here!
To place, open your decoration tool and select "Warframe Articula".
Once you've found the perfect spot, customize by selecting from your existing loadouts, choosing a pose from the "Warframe Gun Pose Set", and swapping weapons!
Due to their complexity, Articula take more Capacity than most decorations so placement will be limited.
For example, you won't be able to place a large number of Articula like you can with Noggles.
Trees, Planters and more!
Explore a new line of decorations including some plants and decorative toys for your Companions!
There is a new Operator customization option available: School specific animations! 
Zenurik, Naramon, Unairu, Madurai, and Vazarin have their own set of idle animations. These are freely for the school of your choice. If you unlock each school, each set becomes available for your operator!
Archwing can now be deployed in Captura! 
Added a Depth of Field toggle in Captura! As opposed to the current Depth of Field slider, the toggle will completely turn it on or off.
Fixed a timing issue where Konzu's Bounties would not refresh properly. 
Fixed an issue where the HUD wouldn't update when accepting bounties.
Fixed an issue where the 'Bounty Accepted' transmission wouldn't play when taking on a new Bounty.
Fixed an issue where you'd have to leave Cetus and return to see a new Day's bounties.
Fixed Nova being able to Worm Hole her way out of the Kuva Fortress tileset on Dakata. 
Fixed Operator Vahd Greaves overlapping with other styles of Operator suit causing it to clip. 
Fixed Sentient Cores disappearing if they are on the ground and another player joins the session. 
Attempt to fix a progress stopper in Sealab Sabotage when killing Tyl Regor's Project specimen before it steps off the platform. 
Fixed Client Zaw stats only showing Strike stats in the Simulacrum Arsenal instead of all components. 
Fixed Punch-Through projectiles hitting multiple times against Drones/Ships.
Fixed a Rampart spawning inside of a wall in the Grineer Shipyard tileset. 
Fixed Mirage Prime's Eclipse applying only the basic textures.
Fixed Tusk Dargyn hovering above its target instead of flying around. 
Fixed Ferrox primary projectiles sometimes not appearing when in Limbo's Cataclysm and Stasis.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones not playing the proper idles if an idle set is equipped. 
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones inheriting customizations they shouldn't have in Conclave. 
Potential fix for Bounties overlapping in the UI when talking to Konzu. 
Fixed crash related to fighting Teralsyt. 
Fixed Clients disconnecting from host when trying to load into a Captura or Simulacrum session at the same time as the host. 
Fixed inaccurate and broken mini-map in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed animation issue when charging an arrow immediately after firing a shot using Bows.
Fixed mods like Quick Return and Power Throw not applying when dual wielding a throwing melee weapon.
Fixed missing textures on Diriga during the purge sequence of The War Within. 
Fixed Survival UI for clients changing between two languages if their selected language is different than the host's.
Fixed Tusk Heavy Gunner using the incorrect textures.
Fixed Reactant counters not showing properly for Squadmates if the Operator is out.
Fixed various rocks in Cetus being unaffected by Rain.
Fixed the Glaive consistently circling around the player. Sorry we know it was cool but not intended!
Fixed an issue with the Varykor Sydon's Radial Blind looping its animation.
Fixed an issue with Octavia customizations being overridden. 
Fixed an issue with Equinox's night form not playing nice with Archwing customization colours.
Fixed chat tabs being all crammed together.
Fixed collision in Personal Quarters.
Fixed scrolling in the Somachord
Fixed using Gunsen's default attacks when using it without a stance.
Fixed bounties sometimes losing track of which encounter is the active bounty stage during migration.
Fixed Ghoul Extermination Bounty not showing complete screen after host migration.
Fixed error in Orbiter decoration limit check when buying or gifting a bundle.
Fixed Plains water at night permanently reducing Shields. 
Removed some incomplete Zaw tips that had shown up in the Codex.
Fixed some session problems when joining squads roaming the Plains.
Fixed several popular crashes.

## Plains of Eidolon: Mirage Prime 22.7.0
**Date:** 2017-12-12T18:57:39Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Mirage Prime 22.7.0:
Saryn Prime, Nikana Prime and Spira Prime have entered the Prime Vault, and their Relics are no longer be obtainable in the game.
*If you already wield the power of these Primes or if you already hold Relics in your inventory that house these Primes, they will remain in your inventory.
You can now swap to your primary weapon while holding Volt's Electric Shield, doing this will drop the Electric Shield. You can drop the Electric Shield as before to avoid switching to another weapon.

### Fixes
Fixed being stuck in an unmovable state when attempting to return to Archwing during The War Within asteroid field phase.
Fixed Naramon Disarming Blast breaking several boss fights as reported here:
Fixed enemies never really ever attacking Octavia's Mallet while following it.
Fixed Clients not getting the combo bonus damage boost from Octavia's Mallet when combined with Resonator.
Fixed "Required In Vault" Dojo decorations not showing up in the list of placeable decorations.
Fixed the Syndicate Medallion/Sentient Core redemption UI allowing you to redeem a decimal value. Medallions/Cores were never actually redeemed as this was purely a UI issue. 
Fixed disabling dynamic resolution not restoring the scale back to 100% for Temporal Anti-aliasing Jitter.
Fixed "Abandoning Objective" text staying on screen if you blow by the objective in Sky Archwing in the Plains.
Fixed missing Operator VO and subtitles during The War Within cinematics. 
Fixed a loss of functionality when attempting to purchase a Kubrow Egg from Darvo.
Fixed crates spawning out of reach in the Orokin Derelict. 
Fixed sounds not playing properly when firing the Baza.
Fixed a texture gap on the floor of the Grineer Forest tileset. 
Fixed a script error when attempting to dissolve a "new" Mod for Endo.
Fixed a script error when casting Ivara's Prowl ability.
Fixed the Combo list of a Modded melee weapon not showing up in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed Daily/Weekly Conclave Challenges not completeing or tracking your progress as reported here:
The Warframe launcher will now automatically Optimize if your cache has over half a gig of wasted space. This not only rids you of wasted space but also improves load times!

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.6.1
**Date:** 2017-12-08T22:06:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.6.1:
Tenno, it seems Pedlek messed up some Zaw orders and built them with incorrect stats... Your Platinum and Forma will be refunded early next week and the Zaw removed along with any MR gains from it. You'll receive an inbox messages from Hok with his deepest apologies when it is removed. Sorry for any inconvenience!
Adjusted the audio gain for rain the the Plains, and improved the ability to hear fishing and mining laser audio more clearly when it's raining.
Very slightly reduced the shadow from the eyelashes on Operators.

### Fixes
In last night's hotfix 22.6.0.1, we disabled gifting so that we could work on a bug related to the inbox messages received when you've been gifted an item. We have fixed the issue in this hotfix, and have re-enabled gifting! Thank you for your patience. 
Fixed DirectX 10 and DirectX 11 causing update failures; we have reset the launcher settings for these options to defaults for you so if your system supports them it should automatically resume using the best driver available.
Fixed UI bug that suggested you could increase Waybound capacity even if maxed, as per:
Fixed Operator eyes pulsing out of sync. 
Fixed rolling breaking Ivara out of Prowl, as per:
Fixed being unable to cast Trinity's Energy Vampire on Linked enemies, as per:
Fixed Mastery Rank 6 failing automatically at the start of the second round, as per:
Fixed crash that could occur on recasting Gara's Mass Vitrify if the ability was terminated before all the ring pieces could be created. 
Fixed Corrosive Status effect having no effect, as per:
Fixed Riven mod failing to unveil if the inbox tried to open after the unveiling mission and is closed before it has a chance to open.
Fixed missing description for the Lohrin Brace boosting critical and status chance introduced in Update 22.1.0. 
Fixed bug with Sabotage and Assault missions with "Defend the Object" in the Kuva Fortress that caused progress stoppers in The War Within.
Fixed script error with Operator Transference. 
Fixed specific rare crash when walking up to the first gate to the Plains from Cetus. 
Fixed alarms instantly going off in the Rosaline, Uranus Spy mission. 
Fixed issues with rock assets clipping into other tiles in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed rare script error with Gara's Mass Vitrify.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.6.0 + Hotfix 22.6.0.1
**Date:** 2017-12-07T22:05:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added Zaw Strikes and Amps to the Equipment tab on player Profiles. Zaw and Amp Mastery gain also is now tracked!
Added resistance, armor type, and health type information to the Eidolon Vomvalyst's Codex entry. 
Added 750 Day Daily Tribute Reward, the "Guiding Rose Cache". This Cache includes:
Guiding Rose Glyph
Exilus Adapter
3 Day Affinity Booster 
Added a "Sale Manifest" window when selling your Mods for Credits or dissolving them for Endo. The window will provide information on the sale for you to review before you confirm or cancel.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.6.0:
Tenno!
We're bringing you what we call a "mainline" update today. This is every fix and QoL change we have been working on since October in addition to content drops. 22.6.0 sets the stage for a bigger end of year Update that includes Khora and more!
It's important to note that sometimes mainline updates can be rocky since they have deep overhauls for optimization within.
We will be actively watching for bugs and your feedback on the additions and changes below!
The Plains of Eidolon now have changing weather patterns! This new dynamic weather system brings rain, lightning, rolling thunder, as well as fluctuating wind and cloud patterns. The Plains can shift from sunshine to rain (and vice versa) during the day and night, and rain will linger for a reasonable amount of time.
Jumping in puddles isn't the only good thing about being out in the Plains during the rain! Take advantage of increased fish spawns and reduced visibility for the Grineer while it is raining.
A rain slider has also been added to the Plains of Eidolon Captura Scene. Adjust the slider from a light trickle to total downpour and capture your dramatic side!
Since the launch of Focus 2.0 in Update 22: Plains of Eidolon, you have shared your thoughts and suggestions on where we could improve on Operator gameplay as a whole. Focus 2.5 is a reflection of what we've learned through your experiences, and acts as a jumping-off point for future implementations that need more consideration before they reach you (daily cap removal for example).
Below you will find a breakdown of what has changed in Focus 2.5. If you would like to read more about our intent and motivation for these changes, and some of our future plans for Operator gameplay, head on over to "The Features of Focus 2.5" Dev Workshop thread .
We have added shared pool capacity! You can now upgrade your pool size using the points from any School you wish, which increases the maximum capacity for every school all at once.
You can increase pool capacity from your active tree. Simply select a School of choice as your "primary" and use its Focus points to increase the shared pool capacity.
The ability to increase capacity from within the tree itself still exists, but these points will contribute to the shared pool instead.
The costs of unlocking nodes across all trees have, on average, been reduced by almost 30%. The table below compares what a 5 rank passive node (like Zenurik's Energy Pulse) costs before and after these changes:
Void Singularity's pull speed has been doubled. 
Lightning Dash now costs 10 energy per cast.
Guardian Blast now grants 160 shields at max, up from 100.
Protective Dash now grants 5s of immunity at max, up from 2s.
Void Spines now reflects 100% damage at max, up from 25%.
Stone Skin now adds flat armor, 60 for both Warframe and Operator at max.
Void Strike now continues accumulating damage boosts over multiple uses of void mode, each rank adds additional attacks up to a max of 8.
Blazing Dash now stuns enemies instead of ragdolling.
We are excited to see how you feel about these changes, and will be collecting your feedback on Focus 2.5 changes in the dev workshop we posted earlier this week.
The following Incursions can now occur in Caves scattered around the Plains: Exterminate, Assassinate, and Cache Recovery. The objectives in these Incursions are the same as they are in the Plains, but there is now a chance for these to randomly take place in caves!
The intent of the following changes is to make fishing a more harmonious experience for you and your squad! Until now, Bait, Dye, and Pharoma has only exclusively affected the player who used it. Moving forward, all squadmates will receive benefits from Bait or other fishing consumables in the Plains. The fish you see will still vary from player to player, however, the effects of these consumables will be shared across all members.
When making this change, we also reviewed how each of these consumables worked and tweaked them slightly for the sake of consistency and balance:
You can now throw Pharoma and Luminous Dye like Bait!*
Dye, Pharoma and Bait now only work within a certain radius around its casting point. Any player fishing within the radius around this casting point will benefit from its effects.
*In order for Luminous Dye and Pharoma to work within this system, they are now thrown like bait. They float in the water and affect all fish in the same body of water within a certain radius. This way you can cast out the Dye in one place, and all players will see the fish get highlighted as they swim near it. Multiple Dyes can be used at once, if you want to affect a larger section of the water.
Finally, we made the following changes and fixes to fishing:
Added custom Bait throwing animation.
Active Bait will no longer be destroyed by fish.
Reduced fish escape speed when spooked.
Fixes towards fish swimming through terrain.
Fixed rare case where fishing Bait would not float properly.
Fixes towards Bait being destroyed if thrown into shallow ponds where the bait would hit the bottom before floating to the surface.
Fixed clients being able to throw one more Bait than they actually have.
Fixed an issue where some fish could swim in the air.
Mass Vitrify is no longer invulnerable and now has sections that break off and explode as it absorbs incoming damage. The amount of damage absorbed scales with Power Strength and Armor. Explosion damage scales with Power Strength. 
Mass Vitrify no longer has a duration and remains until recast, destroyed from damage, or smashed with Shattered Lash.
Gara is still relatively new as far as Warframes are concerned but since her release, we've found (and many players have found) that an invulnerable and almost impenetrable barrier doesn't allow for a very engaging gameplay experience. We know that other Warframes also have Powers with similar issues, but adding a shattering component to Mass Vitrify is a change we could easily implement that is consistent with Gara's glass theme while also making Mass Vitrify more interactive.
With these new changes, we can tweak the absorption and explosion values as necessary to make sure Mass Vitrify is both fun and effective. Please keep your feedback constructive and let us know what you think after you've had a chance to test these new changes.
Reduced Electric Shield's Energy Cost per meter to 1 Energy per 4 meters (down from 1 per 1 meter)
We previously announced changes to Discharge in this thread. But after further testing, we found that the changes were a lot more powerful than anticipated (we've included a video below). As a result, Discharge has not been changed yet. We will continue to work on Discharge improvements before releasing them in a future update. Sorry for getting anyone excited prematurely for Discharge! We appreciate your patience.
Previously proposed Discharge changes that ended up with more extreme crowd control than expected
modded here for extended range and lower damage. (not live!):
Spoiler
Reticle will turn blue when targeting allies and red when targeting enemies.
Reticle will show different states for hip, aim and sprint.
Context actions will dim when aiming while they are active.
All non-endless Solar Map and quest missions now display short objective instructions for each stage with a matching marker icon in the UI, similar to those displayed on the Plains.. Some endless missions also have new objective text. 
Simplified and cleaned up any existing objective UI's general alignment, ordering and spacing to make it more readable. 
Reworded language in some existing missions' objective UI for clarity, and added more appropriate text to some timers instead of the generic 'Time'.
Fixed many small consistency issues and bugs with objective markers and replaced some existing mission markers with area markers where appropriate.
Added area markers to Hive missions to cover highlight areas where the destroyable tumor nodes spawned around each hive.
During long dialog stages in quests, there will now always be an area marker so that players don't get confused about where they should be.
Changed timer description in Rescue missions to "Time Limit" instead of "Time Left". 
In-world markers for Incursion/Bounty objectives locations will no longer disappear for others when someone reaches it first
it will persist for players who aren't in the area yet. 
In-world markers for Incursion/Bounty objectives will reappear if you leave the objective area.
The countdown timer when leaving the perimeters of an objective in the Plains has moved to a more visible spot in the UI. It also states that you are "abandoning objective". 
Changed the marker for downed Capture targets from red to a yellow objective marker
this will make it clearer to players that they need to use the context action instead of continuing to damage the target.
Objective timers are now greyed out when paused.
'Get to extraction' objective appears on the UI when extraction is enabled (excludes missions where extraction is optional).
Extraction Timer text changed from 'Time:' to 'Extracting In:' so it can't be confused with other active timers.
Some missions with large extraction zones like landing pads now use a green area extraction marker. Adjusted some extraction zones so that they fill the whole landing pad and marker area, instead of half of a landing pad.
Removed panels from Corpus doors which never did anything to avoid new player confusion because they would light up during lockdowns.
Fixed missing markers on Corpus co-op doors.
The Rescue Target in the Plains now has a HUD health indicator located under your mini-map. 
Fixed objective waypoint not disappearing after successfully destroying the Reactor in Sabotage missions.
Fixed Bounty waypoint directing players to extraction when Archwing is immediately deployed upon entering the Plains. 
Fixed objective waypoint not disappearing after successfully taking the Vessel from the tomb in the last mission of the Sands of Inaros Quest.
Fixed some Markers being stuck in the at origin on the minimap. 
Fixed unlocked icon appearing very dimly on Grineer doors.
Made performance and memory optimizations to the Plains of Eidolon and other tilesets. If you were experiencing crashes before, we hope that these changes will be the fix!
The Corpus Gas City and Grineer Settlement tilesets have received an audio remaster! We revised the sounds in these tiles and used updated engine tech so that certain ambient sounds are more noticeable and clear. The remaster adds more character and personality to the audio and will also make enemies easier to pick out. 
Time between Incursions will increase if you let an Incursion alert expire. The Lotus can take a hint!
A single Vomvalyst in its energy-form near multiple Lures will now only feed a charge to a single Lure. However, to improve overall survivability of the Lures, we have changed Eidolon Lures to always spawn at level 30 regardless of Bounty level or distance from the gate.
Hunter Command Mod change: your Companion will now focus on an enemy for a set duration when they are first slash proc'd by you. While focused on a target, they will ignore any other newly proc'd enemies and will go back to their default behavior after the duration expires.
Operators and Ostron Vendors in Cetus have had their eyes beautified with shaders.
The beams from Trinity's Link now fade out when the Ability has ended.
Lephantis' melee attacks will now knock you back if you're hit!
Smoothed NPC movement for clients with a poor connection to host.
Replaced an old version of the reactor in Grineer Settlement Sabotage with the newer (and fewer-pronged) version used in the Grineer Shipyard Tileset. 
Removed blue undertone from Nekros Irkalla's energy wisps.
Improved AI pathing in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Overall UI optimizations. 
Reduced number of stasis mines in Archwing Rush.
Added 'destroyable' shine FX to mines in Archwing Rush. 
A Skiff VIP has been added to the list of commanders in Dynamic Assassinate Incursions.
Improving the responsiveness of loadouts in Relays and Cetus. 
Made improvements towards less hitches in Relays.
Improved AI pathing on the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Audio will now properly resume if your audio device is disconnected and then reconnected. 
Grineer Melee enemies on the Plains are now able to climb to the top of the Storage Containers. 
Tuned down the bloom on the wings of the Chroma Vojnik Battle-Damaged Tennogen Skin.
Improved lighting on the Lua tileset doors. 
Changed "enemies are dead" transmission to "broken their ranks" transmission in Invasion missions. 
Updated one of Lotus' lines for the Mastery Rank 25 test to better match the test.

### Fixes
Fixed an improperly placed wall in the Grineer Settlement Tileset.
Fixed short freezes that could occur in the Dojo when too many decorations have completed at once.
Fixed extra "NONE" option in the attachments sub-menu. 
Fixed chat sometimes failing to connect for several minutes upon initial login.
Fixed chat history being erased upon host migration. 
Fixed the mission countdown starting right away when starting Index missions for The Glast Gambit through the World State Window, making it possible for players to start without having selected a Wager. Now the countdown shouldn't start until the player has selected their Wager on the screen.
Fixed a slight hitch when loading into your Orbiter if you had scanned all the Glass Fish in the Plains. 
Fixed player movement not replicating for squadmates when entering a room in the Relay after completing a mission. 
Fixed mission rewards appearing outside of the UI if the End of Mission screen is opened in front of the Syndicate Console in the Orbiter.
Fixed leaving squad after completing a Bounty resulting in the UI showing a failed Bounty screen, or the broken final stage of the completed Bounty. This was simply a visual bug
players still received the completed Bounty rewards!
Fixed being unable to place a variety of Dojo Decorations in the Tempertania Water Garden as per:
Fixed being unable to take your Companions into the Dojo.
Fixed By the Dawn's Early Light achievement being unlocked by matchmaking into the Plains via Cetus as a client. 
Fixed multiple Dojo rooms being built upon each other sometimes resulting in players being unable to enter the Dojo. 
Fixed being able to see the underbelly of Cetus when Fast Travelling.
Fixed Deru Syandana flickering when viewed at certain angles.
Fixed some blood spatter in Cetus appearing black. These splatters have been revisited to appear... fresher.
Fixed the "Pick Up Void Key" prompt in the Archwing Quest floating too high in the sky. 
Fixed being unable to complete or contribute to a Decoration if it was started prior to lowering Clan Tier.
Patched a hole in the Grineer Galleon tileset that enemies could fall through.
Fixed missing texture in Grineer Galleon Sabotage missions. 
Fixed Grineer Settlement Sabotage on Mars using the wrong procedural level layout.
Fixed a hole in the Corpus Ice Planet Tileset.
Fixed a rare case of the Ascaris becoming invisible in the Vor's Prize quest.
Fixes towards being able to press X anywhere to teleport after activating a Teleporter in the Dojo or Relay.
Fixes towards black squares in exits/ports in the Ceres Shipyard Tileset.
Fixed Lech Kril's hammer turning invisible when attacking an invisible player.
Fixed navigation issues in the "follow the music" segment of Octavia's Anthem Quest.
Fixed Amprex FX script that could crash if owner was killed on the first frame after firing.
Fixed an issue where the tip of the Lunaro Arcata would be swirly.
Fixed Concealed Explosives mod description showing Pistol instead of Thrown.
Fixed arrow skins not showing when equipped with the Lenz.
Fixed Default Colors not saving for Syandanas when selected. 
Fixed Flameblade not always hitting player on second and third swing.
Fixed a case where the Inbox decline button in a message would be too big.
Fixed some lighting issues on Nidus' Rupture. 
Fixed hovering over water FX showing for players who are not hovering. 
Fixed second player in a squad not replicating properly when entering a Relay.
Fixed some decorations in The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed a progress stopper that could occur because of host migration during an Assassination Bounty on PoE. 
Fixed Grineer Lancer Grakata reload animation. 
Fixed needing both "toggle crouch" and "hold to crouch" bound to a key. Now only one needs to be bound to reduce redundancy.
Fixed a rare case of Bounties not progressing if you engaged with a Grineer Camp that later was used for a Bounty Stage.
Fixed enemies being able to pass through the door to Cetus.
Fixed a rare UI and transmissions bug that could occur if you engaged with a Grineer Camp that later was used for a Bounty Stage.
Fixed the range increase from Iron Vault scaling with Exodia Contagion. 
Fixed a misplaced body of water on Uranus Spy Vault. 
Fixed typo in Spy Catcher Bounty. 
Fixed hood closed option changing the Operator face. 
Fixed Nekros Irkalla showing incorrect FX.
Fixed Syrinx armor clipping on certain skins. 
Fixed not being able to activate Hydraulus as Operator during Octavia's Anthem. 
Fixed several collision issues on a few Grineer tilesets. 
Fixed being able to trade an Eidolon Lens that is currently being crafted. 
Fixed Operator exploit to become perma invisible and invincible. 
Fixed Solar Map text covering transmissions. 
Fixed vertical movement animations not showing for squad mates in Archwing. 
Fixed Exalted Blade flickering at certain angles.
Fixed aim glide animation while using pistol and Glave. 
Fixed missing Quest Complete diorama for Man of Few Words. 
Fixed the Auto Turrets (mg, mortar, anti AW) doors not closing after turret destroyed. Doors now close when agent is destroyed.
Fixed Mending Tides charges replenishing on death. 
Fixed various Loc issues. 
Fixed Latchers spawning at inordinately high levels in the Plains.
Fixed Exodia Hunt affecting allies. 
Fixed Ammo Depot display ring to count up instead of down. 
Fixed Sprint toggling off due to shooting during a slide. 
Fixed issue where Apothics used at The Silver Grove, and Kela de Thaym Judgement Points were not consumed if network errors occurred. 
Fixed crosshair being visible when opening and closing the Gear menu while holding your mining beam. 
Fixed a rare case in Drone Escort where HUD would not disappear when Hijack completed.
Fixed certain ambiance sounds in various tilesets not playing. 
Fixed flickering textures in an Earth Tileset cave.
Fixed being unable to use Ivara's Zipline in one of the Grineer camps in the Plains. 
Fixed glowing blocks on the signs in Cetus. 
Fixed marker missing for players when encountering a Teralyst. 
Fixed destroyed Lephantis head reappearing after host-migration. 
Fixed the Pyra and Tantu Sugatra spinning around when equipping on some weapons. 
Fixed the Nelumbo Syandana floating on the Ember Vermillion Skin. 
Fixed being unable to deploy Archwing in some specific locations within the Plains.
Fixed map holes on E-Prime and Mariana. 
Fixed missing collision on the Grineer Radar in the Plains. 
Fixed non-Archwing weapons displaying when transitioning into Archwing mode (usually occurs in Quests). 
Fixed Bullet Dance Stance Lead Tango combo not playing properly with the Redeemer causing it to loop gunfire repeatedly. 
Fixed Focus Lens Bounty rewards missing the correlating Focus icon. 
Fixed certain weapons and abilities with Blast damage launching enemies to very far distances. 
Fixed players being able to jump or fly out of Hunhow's Datascape Scene in Captura. 
Fixed being able to break through the Simaris Synthesis tutorial by wall-jumping around.
Fixed Condrocs being able to spawn in caves in the Plains and preventing them from flying away when startled as intended.
Fixed issue where players could get hit by rock and fall underneath the Lua tileset.
Fixed Warframe health and shields being displayed when you're playing as your Operator. 
Fixed Ferrox's projectiles not affected by Limbo's Stasis and shooting in whatever direction the first shot was fired. 
Fixed Mass Vitrify freezing enemies that are ability resistant (similar to Frost freezing abilities).
Fixed several issues with markers in Lua Spy mission on client / host migration and client join-in-progress. 
Fixed portal in the Lua rescue room breaking if there was a host migration before releasing the hostage.
Fixed the Bounty list in Cetus not updating upon completing the "Prove Yourself" Bounty. 
Fixed the Ammo Case and Ammo Mutation mods not working after going in and out of the Plains twice.
Fixed the Ballistica Prime turning Executioners in Rathuum and Brokers in The Index into ghosts. 
Fixed Clients returning to Cetus and it being night when it is actually day in the Plains. 
Fixed crash when players are attempting to join your squad while your Arsenal is open in Cetus. 
Fixed Host still capturing a target even if they were knocked into bleedout. 
Fixed accent colour not applying on the Pyra Syandana. 
Fixed the default texture on the ground under the Golden Maw cave in The War Within quest. 
Fixed Grineer satellites only being able to be scanned in a small location near the tip in Archwing Mobile Defense.
Fixed rare case where NPCs thought it was day when it was night in Cetus/Plains.
Fixed a Simulacrum and Arsenal crash. 
Fixed water flowing from both sides when only one cap has been shot in the Cunning Test.
Fixed Operators able to take flight and ride the Condrocs out of the Earth Tileset. 
Fixed a Simulacrum Arsenal crash caused by Gara's passive.
Fixed Nidus' Virulence not dealing damage to Supply Crates in Bounties and Incursions.
The Recon Commanders in Assassinate Target Bounties in the Plains have had their health regen lowered and they will no longer switch teleport. 
Fixed script error in Rescue missions on Linea, Venus.
Fixed a tube that connected two rooms being inaccessible in the Kuva Fortress tileset. 
Fixed crash that would occur during the last Sortie mission with General Sargas Ruk on Saturn. 
Fixed rare issue with the Teralyst where some abilities wouldn't target Grineer suspended in the air.
Fixed Caches spawning in the wall in the Earth tileset. 
Fixed Point D in Galleon Interception appearing as a Defense Target Cryopod instead of an Interception Point. 
Fixed weird animation loop occurring with the Ostrons in Cetus.
Several fixes to material and mesh in the Once Awake defense mission. 
Fixed Codex having a random entry in the Plains of Eidolon section. 
Fixed camera when viewing Syrinx in the Market place. 
Fixed Bladestorm not functioning properly in Conclave. 
Fixed Archwing weapons appearing in PoE after a host migration.
Fixed stuck pose when accessing Arsenal in Cetus as an Operator. 
Fixed flying around freely while capturing and getting stuck in Capture state. 
Fixed multiple Syandanas clipping on Titania.
Fixed Cathode Syandana clipping on multiple Warframes.
Fixed multiple attachments clipping on Mesa. 
Fixed Sugatra position when using the Dominion sword skin. 
Fixed polearms and scythes clipping on some Warframes when using the standard holster position. 
Fixed Uru Prime Syandana clipping on many Warframes.
Fixed various issues that could be caused by aborting to Orbiter while transitioning to/from Cetus and the Plains. 
Fixed clients not being able to enter last room of Harrow's Temple in Captura. 
Fixed Acanthus Prime Leg Guard clipping on Limbo Vistyxio skin. 
Fixed additional S appended to Clan name in Alliance Management screen. 
Fixed Volt Proto skin and Diode Hammer skin not being linkable in chat. 
Fixed UI bug caused by host migration and failed Cache Bounty.
Fixed much older accounts not being able to login.
Fixed nasty crash. 
Fixed missing polarity on Ammo Case as per: 
Fixed the Argonak's highlight not using custom colors. 
Fixed some Kuva-related sounds not playing for clients.
Fixed broken "Change Loadout" on Solar Map as per: 
Fixed a script error with Bladestorm
Fixed wrong teleport volume on Hydron as per: 

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.5.1
**Date:** 2017-11-30T21:39:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Updated Volt Proto Skin Market banner.

### Fixes
Fixed hitscan weapons not ignoring invisible walls and other surfaces that they should be able to pass through even if you have no punchthrough mods equipped.
Fixed the Mission Results screen locking up on return to Cetus when playing with a controller.
Fixed Energy Shield showing Energy Drain (will still show for Conclave).
Fixed Glaive Proto skin not showing correctly in Diorama. 
Potentially fixed data mismatch error when transitioning from Cetus to the Plains.
Fixed inbox text being cut off.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.5.0 + 22.5.0.1
**Date:** 2017-11-30T16:52:51Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Added a minimum Duration for enemies affected by Discharge under the 'coil' CC effect. This could allow for possible modding diversity knowing minimum Duration for the 'coil' CC effect won't fall below 4 seconds.
Removed the passive 5 Energy per second drain from Volt's Electric Shield when moving with it. The 1 Energy per meter drain remains.
Increased the base DPS of Discharge (from 450 at max rank to 750).
Discharge is now castable in the air.
Dropped Sentient Cores now have a minimap icon and in-world marker to display their position!
Improvements towards the Chesa Kubrow Retrieve functionality when retrieving items in nearby crates and when in the Plains.
Clarified verbiage when buying a Warframe from the Market. Players were confused by thinking they got a Reactor, when really it's an 'installed Reactor'.
Reduced the camera rotation of the Baza's recoil from the hip.
Reduced the delay before auto reloading an empty mag while using the Baza.

### Fixes
Delve into the past with this experimental prototype skin for Volt.
Make sparks fly with Volt Proto's signature hammer skin.
Volt Proto's signature Syandana.
Charge up Volt with this collection of items that includes the Volt Proto Skin, Diode Hammer Skin, and Cathode Syandana.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.4.1
**Date:** 2017-11-24T15:26:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.4.1:

### Fixes
Fixed Mirage's Sleight of Hand jewels having the wrong texture when placed in the dark.
Fixed missing FX around Mirage's Sleight of Hand jewels spawned by her Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed Mirage's Sleight of Hand jewels spawned by her Hall of Mirror clones appearing in the floor.
Fixed Mirage's Sleight of Hand jewels being invisible for those on a lowspec machine.
Fixed Clients not seeing the correct Sleight of Hand jewel texture if the Host does not look at the jewel.
Fixed Mirage's Sleight of Hand not applying your Energy color to the jewel when placed in the dark.
Fixed the Cassowar not awarding any Clan Affinity. It now awards 3000 Clan Affinity! For those that have already Research the Cassowar, your Clan Affinity will be retroactively awarded by opening the Clan screen or entering the Dojo.
Fixed being able to use Guandao Rivens on the Cassowar.
Fixed experiencing a hitch when transitioning to Cetus from the Plains as the Client.
Fixed losing your crosshair if you use a hotkey to switch from the Nosam Cutter to a Fishing Spear.
Fixed the Capture Target deviating from their normal navigation path and falling into kill volumes (water, etc) in the Plains.
Fixed a case of Latchers spawning at very high levels in the Plains and killing objectives instantly as per
Fixed the minimap appearing gigantic when loading into the first mission of the Jordas Veridict.
Fixed experiencing a long hitch when viewing your Sigils in the Arsenal.
Fixed an invisible blocking volume in an air vent on Venera, Venus.
Fixed Zaw energy colours not working as per

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.4.0
**Date:** 2017-11-23T20:03:52Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
A Mastery Rank 25 test has been added!

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.4.0:
*Baza and Cassowar Blueprints can be researched in your Clan Dojo's Tenno Lab.
*The Baza Collection is available for purchase in the In-Game Market.
Improvements towards the overall transition from the Plains to Cetus. This includes better handling of attempting to join a Host that was in the middle of transitioning to Cetus from the Plains, which sometimes resulted in either leaving the squad or loading into different Cetus instances. 
Returned the Plague Keewar Strike to a Scythe Stance when used with one handed Grips.
To fix Tusk Seeker Drones lingering indefinitely and continuously calling in Grineer Reinforcements (even after you've ran far away), the Alarm Drone now destroys itself when you are 100 meters away.
Companions now try to get out of your way (ie. behind the player camera) when Spear Fishing/Mining in the Plains.
Improved the pathing of the hijacked Drone in the Plains. This also fixes issues where the Drone would become stuck on it's way to the Boil in Operation: Plague Star.
Made some very simple tweaks to Octavia's Metronome (basically cut the pixels being rendered for it in half) to improve the performance of the FX, while at the same time reducing a bit of the visual clutter from full rings being around you. 
Improvements towards performance issues that was caused by lingering (yet invisible) reticles even when the respective weapon was no longer being held.
Focus Lenses are now rewarded less frequently as Tier 3 and 4 Bounty rewards. This also shuffled around some other Bounty reward frequencies to balance the mix.
Fixed not being able to Capture an enemy if you died attempting your first Capture during a Bounty.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.5
**Date:** 2017-11-20T23:06:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.5:

### Fixes
Fixed the Mixer Vault door remaining closed if you already opened the Mixer Vault before getting the Toxin.
Fixed leaving the Mixer Defense objective area resulting in breaking the Mixer.
Fixed the Plague Star Ancient Infested head of Hemocyte snapping to an extreme angle prior to aiming.
Fixed an incorrect objective waypoint if the Toxin Dispenser in Stage 1 was activated too early. 
Fixes towards a script error when Hemocyte spawns.
Fixed slow Hosts causing Clients to leave the squad when loading into the Plains. This widely experienced squad disbanding issue is one of our top fixing properties that will continue to be monitored and improved. 
Fixed the Carrier's Looter precept not working for some Plains resources like Grokdrul containers.
Fixed Companions being unable to pass through doors.
Fixed losing functionality if you died while transitioning back to Cetus from the Plains.
Fixed Clients not being able to use Operators in Caves.
Fixed the Amp crafting preview disappearing upon selecting the Brace.
Fixed the Hunter Mod sets not being linkable in Chat or in the Codex.
Fixed Gilding a Zaw not resetting the Rank til you return to your Orbiter. 
Fixed Zaws with Covert Lethality and Exodia Epidemic unintentionally insta killing enemies. Covert Lethality does not carry over to projectiles or other effects created by weapons, and only applies on Melee finishers.
Fixed the Hunter Synergy Mod's +30 Crit-Link stat not displaying anywhere on the Arsenal UI.
Fixed using an Emote while entering Archwing resulting in getting stuck in the animation.
Fixed some weapon descriptions displaying unlocalized damage type text.
Fixed the Incubus Ribbon not applying correctly to Titania with the Titania Unseelie Skin equipped
Fixed the Day of The Dead Igaro Syandana and Synoid Syandana not attaching properly when the Mesa Devil Ranger Skin is equipped.
Fixed only being able to preview the Cyst on Warframes if you have an infected Warframe equipped at the time.
Fixed some low resolution textures on the Saryn Amalgama Skin.
Fixed the Zaw not having a 'None' option in Sugatra Attachments. 
Fixed the Lenz not exploding when shooting an enemy object such as a Grineer door scanner.
Fixed entering the Simaris scanning Tutorial without any Synthesis Scanners in your Gear wheel.
Fixed the Naru Syandana not animating properly when Aim Gliding. 
Fixed simultaneously sprinting, sliding, and shooting resulting in your gun ceasing fire after standing up but will resume firing again when you crouch.
Fixed being able to equip the Ruinous Extension Mod on the Arca Scisco. 
Fixed the Arca Scisco not tracking accuracy stats. 
Fixed a crash when using VOIP.
Fixed a crash when in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed a hitch when scrolling through the Plague Star Trophies in the Dojo.
Fixed jittering textures when scrolling through the Challenges list.
Fixed some rocks in the Plains appearing wet when in reality they were dry.
Fixed the Surplus Diverters Conclave Mod unintentionally applying to Limbo when entering/exiting the Rift.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.4
**Date:** 2017-11-16T23:30:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.4:
Rank 1 = 1000 Standing 
Rank 2 = 3000 Standing 
Rank 3 = 6000 Standing
We are also running a script to refund the component portion of Operational Supply Sacrifices and updating the Sacrifice requirements (Note: Credit costs will not be refunded). If you are automatically ranked up due to the Standing changes, you will not have to pay these new Sacrifice requirements:
The 2x Neurodes Sacrifice to Collaborator has been replaced with 10x Grokdrul.
The Forma Sacrifice to Defender has been replaced with 10x Iradite.
The Mutagen Sample Sacrifice to Champion has been replaced with 10x Nistlebrush.
Full info here:
Adjusted the weapon trail FX on the Plague Keewar.
Reduced the Magus Husk from 7100 to 710 Cryotic per item.
Reduced the Magus Elevate from 2300 to 230 Oxium per craft.

### Fixes
Fixes towards the Plague Star Bounty failing on Stage 2.
Fixes towards the hijacked Drone getting stuck while navigating to the boil. 
Fixed Infested drop pods spawning far away or on top of the boil.
Fixed the Infested Catalyst not being Chat linkable for those that own it.
Fixed a crash when attempting to return to Cetus from the Plains. 
Fixed launching yourself at a weird angle when attempting to aim dodge backflip with sprint/roll key combination while using a scoped weapon.
Fixed not being able to hear the ambient Corpus Ship announcer.
Fixed the Defection unique Charger not being listed properly in the Codex. 
Fixed a level hole in a some of the Plain Caves.
Fixed flickering water in some of the Plain Caves.
Fixed some of Konzu's transmission text being a filepath.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.3
**Date:** 2017-11-16T13:59:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.3:
Konzu now explains that rewards are at Nakak for the Operation.

### Fixes
Fixed two particularly nasty crashes that could occur on return to Cetus.
Fixed issues with flickering lights in Sabotage 2.0 on Grineer Galleons.
Fixed an issue with the Toggle Sprint option and rolling in mid-air.
Optimized some error logging.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.2
**Date:** 2017-11-15T22:13:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Removed "Clear Remaining.." stage of the Operation. 
Increased likelihood of encountering Infested in the Plains. 
Reduced chance to receive Lens from Operation Bounty.

### Fixes
Fixed roll breaking Ivara's Prowl. 
Fixed another common crash during the Operation. 
Fixed console being invisible for Clients in the Operation. 
Fixed script error that could occur when using Hydroid's Undertow. 
Fixed Infested pods in the Operation not showing VFX when destroyed.
Fixed a potential script error in Landing Craft. 
Fixed a script error that could occur for clients during the Operation. 
Fixed rescanning fish statuettes granting additional trophies. 
Fixed reactor flickering in Sabotage. 
Fixed Infested Scream FX now showing for Clients. 
Various common crashes were fixed.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.3.1
**Date:** 2017-11-15T18:35:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Please Be Aware: We Will Continue To Deploy Hotfixes As Event Issues Arise. We Appreciate Your Help Squashing Bugs And Boils During This Operation!:
Reduced the sound gain from the Argonak and Astilla.
Tweaked the charging and firing sounds of the Cycron.

### Fixes
Fixed incorrect Skybox and water textures in certain Caves in the Plains. 
Fixed some unreleased items being Chat linkable. 
Fixed rampant crashes in the Plains.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.3.0
**Date:** 2017-11-15T16:50:55Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added more conventional Extraction mechanics to the Plains of Eidolon. We now start the extraction timer after 50% of a squad enters the Cetus gates. We added an area objective marker (the classic green indicator) and more direction to this area to notify squad members that extraction is waiting and counting down. 
Added increased customization settings for the Operator! Expanded the Accessories categories for the Operator (I.E Facial Accessory, Ear Accessory, Eye Accessory, etc).
Improved the functionality for hiding certain Operator Accessories (I.E Operator hair does not need to be hidden when an Ostron Mask is equipped).

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Update 22.3.0:
A mysterious meteorite has crashed just outside of Cetus revealing a horrific boil. The boil is growing and the Ostrons have sighted infested lifeforms emerging from it. We need to act now before they make their way to Cetus.
Konzu has received reports that Vay Hek possesses a toxin that can destroy the boil. But Vay Hek won't help; he sees this infested boil as a means to rid the Plains of Cetus and the Ostrons.
We need to get ahold of the toxin and destroy the boil before it becomes unstoppable. Visit Konzu in Cetus to learn his plan for retrieving the toxin from Vay Hek.
Read about rules, rewards, and more here:
We have made ways to the way Bounties reward you! This new system is a take on the 'AABC' rotation system we have in endless missions, but applied to Bounties using the Common, Uncommon, and Rare rewards.
Read through this to familiarize yourself with what's changed!
3 Stage Bounties:
First reward: Common
Second reward: Common or Uncommon
Third reward: Common, Uncommon, or Rare
4 Stage Bounties:
First reward: Common
Second reward: Common or Uncommon
Third reward: Common, Uncommon
Fourth reward: Common, Uncommon, or Rare
5 Stage Bounties: 
First reward: Common
Second reward: Common or Uncommon
Third reward: Common, Uncommon
Fourth reward: Common, Uncommon, or Rare
Fifth reward: Common, Uncommon, or Rare
Standing on a Blunt when it dies will now cause you to fall.
Penta grenades will now bounce off the Blunt. It has a similar behavior as hitting a Grineer. Note that projectiles like Quanta cubes do not bounce off Grineer. Thus, cubes will not bounce off the Blunt.
Miter blades will now bounce off the Blunt.
Improved the quality of VOIP when Auto Gain Control is enabled.
Increased the frequency of spawned Focus Convergence orbs in Defection missions.
Removed the ability to be in Sky Archwing in certain Caves in the Plains. 
You may now notice more populated Grineer bases in the Plains, as roving Grineer now retreat in pure panic back to base at night when the curfew siren sounds.
To save you from accidentally Donating your Mote Amp, you can no longer Donate it!

### Fixes
Fixed a loss of functionality when entering the Plains from Cetus and immediately trying to go back to Cetus. 
Fixed not being able to use your Operator Void Beam if you selected 'NONE' as your Amp. This also fixes a progression stopping issue in the Chains of Harrow quest where you couldn't damage enemies/chains.
Fixed a black screen and loss of functionality if you are holding a fish as you are forced to Extract with the 60 second countdown timer in the Plains.
Fixed Focus Convergence orbs not spawning when there are several oxygen towers available in a Survival.
Fixed Riven stats sometimes not applying to Zaws when also equipping Stances.
Fixed the last stage of a failed Bounty restarting if a Host migration occurred.
Fixed the Bounty changing missions types if a Host Migration occurred while you were escorting the Drone. 
Fixed a 300ms delay to start sprinting when using the sprint/roll combination key.
Fixed the Cetus gates sometimes remaining opening while in the Plains.
Fixed wind sounds being too loud/not being affected by volume sliders in the expanded Caves in the Plains.
Fixed some terrain clipping issues and holes in the expanded Caves in the Plains. 
Fixed an incorrect objective navigation path in the Corpus Ice Planet Sabotage tileset.
Fixed incorrect material applied to the Moa in the Dojo Energy Research Lab.
Fixed some Grineer Crates spawning their spoils underneath a platform, making them unreachable. 
Fixed administering a non-Operator Status Effect on a Sentient when damaging it with the Operator Void Beam. 
Fixed Konzu's Bounty reward board displaying the 'NEW' tag on Mods that you recently acquired. 
Fixed Grineer drop pod sounds not playing for Clients in the Plains.
Fixed the Hunter Command Mod having an unrelated Fusion Core (wow, remember those things??) description. 
Fixed being able to purchase multiple copies of the Plains of Eidolon Captura Scene.
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Forest Spy tileset. 
Fixed a map hole in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed various map holes in the Grineer Settlement tileset. 
Fixed a script error when using the Nosam Cutter. 
Fixed an issue with Nekros Deluxe's auxiliary and attachments not working as intended.
Fixed the Heartseeker Mod not working for Dagger Zaws in Conclave.
Fixed the Biting Piranha Mod not showing up when trying to add it to any Dual Dagger in the Conclave Arsenal.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.5.1
**Date:** 2017-11-11T04:37:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Plains of Eidolon:
Clipped the budding wings of various species of fish. We will be collecting your favourite screenshots in honor of the day the fish flew too close to the sun.
Fixed an issue where all Captura scenes were marked as owned. Sorry, Fashion Framers.
Fixed a crash that would occur when leaving the Dojo.
Fixed an issue with textures on Eximus units.
Fixed various crashes.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.5
**Date:** 2017-11-11T02:19:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.5:
Certain Caves in the Plains can now be more indepthly explored (Operation: Plague Star will bring more gameplay to these expanded Caves). In a future Update, these Caves will be eligible for Bounty and Incursion missions!
Made a handful of performance Optimizations (mainly in the Plains). These performance fixes were largely discovered on the Console build, and graciously brought over to PC for an overall improvement on all platforms!
Upon aborting a mission in the Plains, you can now choose to either return to Cetus or your Orbiter.
Replaced the duplicate Gladiator's Resolve Mod with Gladiator's Might Mod in Bounty rewards.
Tweaked the appearance of the Operator's Void Mode to differentiate it from Loki's Invisibility. This also applies to Unairu's Void Shadow so you can identify that the cloak is from the Operator.
Sky Archwing Enablers are no longer able to be spawned in the hallway between Cetus and the Plains. Enablers spawned in the hallway were found to be unusable anyways.
An End of Mission success/fail screen has been added to Simaris' Synthesis tutorial. Now you'll promptly know if your scanning skills are good enough for ol Simaris!
Toned down Grineer reinforcement sounds and barks in the Plains.
Tweaked positional reverb spill to help players better detect enemy positionality.
Removed Lotus transmission from End of Mission screen when going from Plains back to Cetus when you haven't done anything.
Slightly reduced the range of the Mortar Bombards mortar projectiles.
Mutalist Alad V will now always target Warframes when using his mind control collar ability. If his main target is an Operator, he will try to collar the corresponding Warframe instead, and if he does, the Operator gets force Transferred back and the battle continues.
Reduced the amount of times Onkko spits knowledge about the Vomvalysts lures.
Fixed the Lunaro ball marker disappearing.
Fixed being unable to cancel a Bullet Jump in Lunaro.
You now cannot catch or punch the Lunaro for .5 secs after dropping/throwing it.

### Fixes
Fixed not being able to defeat the Raptor due to the bombs not exploding when falling into the tubes, and because the Raptor refuses to fly away from the tubes.
Fixed not being able to defeat Lephantis due to his many heads not opening up to display his more vulnerable side.
Fixed the Infested Grineer head of Lephantis lingering above ground, allowing you to attack it mercilessly without fear of being harmed.
Fixed not being able to defeat Alad V if the Operator gets 'collared' by Alad V. This resulted in your Warframe being stuck and upon dying you would forever be on the 'spectating' screen.
Fixed Mutalist Alad V collar creating a headless Nyx if he collars your Warframe just after you Transferred to the Operator. Your Operator getting collared will now force you back into your Warframe.
Fixed cases where the Teralyst would not properly teleport when getting stuck and would instead just turn invisible.
Fixed Bounties not progressing after Host migration if migration occurs during the middle of an active Bounty stage.
Fixed Armor Attachments not showing up on the Nekros Irkalla skin.
Fixed all Operator Amp Affinity earned as a Client, disappearing when a Host migration occurs.
Fixed experiencing a massive hitch as the Client when a Host migration occurs in the Plains.
Fixed being unable to invite players from the Friends list after aborting a mission in the Plains as a Client.
Fixed Warframe Mod set bonuses not being applied after respawns and Host migrations.
Fixed a crash when attempting to load into a Void Fissure mission.
Fixed a crash that would occur when firing the Nosam Cutter and pressing the hotkey for the Nosam Cutter or the Codex Scanner.
Fixed a crash that could occur if Octavia's Mallet was the target of a switch teleport.
Fixed Melee enemies avoiding Ember's Fire Blast ring, which resulted in a performance spike due to the enemy attempting to find another path around the fire ring.
Fixed an error that was causing players to not join Plains of Eidolon together as a squad when doing a Bounty.
Fixed Mirage's Total Eclipse Augment Mod applying to the Operator.
Fixed the Operator Amp Energy Regeneration rate being much faster for Clients when using an Amp that has the Klebrik Scaffold.
Fixed losing your Operator Amp if you died in the final stage of The Chains of Harrow quest with an Amp equipped Operator.
Fixed the Operator Amp not being included in the Mission Progress & Rewards screen.
Fixed Razorback rockets, Ogma Rocket projectiles, Mortar Bombards, and the Teralyst Wail hitting Warframes in Limbo's Rift.
Fixed Teshin standing at the exit door instead of running ahead in the War Within quest.
Fixed sometimes getting stuck under the Oriber ramp when using Transference for the first time in the War Within quest.
Fixed not being thrown out of Archwing before entering the Asteroid Defense mission in the War Within quest.
Fixed current Bounty not updating if you changed your mind and selected a different Bounty.
Fixed a long-standing cosmetic problem with Founders scrolling list not displaying some alias'.
Fixed incorrect squad invite message when being invited to multiple Bounties. Before, it would show the message of the first Bounty invite until you either went into another mission, or received an invite to another (non-Bounty) mission.
Fixed the Dark Daggers not being visible in the Codex.
Fixed missing blocking volumes in an area where you could jump out of bounds in the Void tileset.
Fixed a black box HUD icon appearing when using a Zaw with the Exodia Triumph Arcane upgrade. This was an unintended Channeling Efficiency upgrade on top of its intended Channeling damage.
Fixed dropping any items you're holding when Transferring to your Operator.
Fixed Codex Scanners and Synthesis Scanners appearing very stretch when zooming in a non-standard aspect ratio (ultra wide resolution).
Fixed some textures flickering or popping in during the initial Vor's Prize cutscene.
Fixed destroying the second coolant causing the red objective marker to remain permanently in Reactor Sabotage missions.
Fixed the Ki'Teer Sekhara diamond FXs lingering when viewing through a scope.
Fixed mission countdown beeping and flashing over the selected node not displaying.
Fixed cases of very low ambient sounds in Cetus.
Fixed various Grineer machinery in the Plains not having sound.
Fixed the Arsenal diorama breaking if an Inbox message is opened at the same time you enter the Arsenal.
Fixed the Mining UI not appearing after switching to a different weapon and then back again.
Fixed a missing Codex entry for Nox Eximus.
Fixed being able to see your Warframe inside the Quill cave before Transferring in front of the cave door.
Fixed UI markers sometimes not pulsing.
Fixed Warframes using the Excalibur mesh for a few frames when first opening the Simulacrum Arsenal.
Fixed changing weapons in the Simulacrum Arsenal from a weapon with higher max Ammo to one with lower not resetting the Ammo count to the new lower amount or vice versa.
Fixed special cases of AI not being paused in the Simulacrum when the option is enabled.
Fixed changing weapons in the Simulacrum Arsenal after being disarmed causing you to lose your weapons until you went back to the Arsenal.
Fixed renamed Operator Amps appearing as just 'Amp' for Clients.
Fixed Infested Chargers not being able to damage the Cascade Bomb in the Once Awake quest due to an incorrect hitbox.
Fixed an error message for Polarizing a Zaw appearing when attempting to install an Orokin Catalyst or Focus Lens on an Ungilded Zaw.
Fixed not being able to shoot between two ice pillars on Mariana Earth.
Fixed a missing blocking volume on Mariana Earth.
Fixed missing collision on a tree root on Gaia Earth.
Fixed Nova being able to Worm Hole her way out of the map in the Silver Grove tileset.
Fixed a missing blocking volume between two rocks in the Plains.
Fixed a missing blocking volume in the Grineer Settlement tileset.
Fixed bridges in the Cambria Earth Spy tileset having a blocking volume active when not extended and not extending entirely.
Fixed a localization string in the Fishing Gear wheel menu.
Fixed multi-part subtitles (more than one line for a single transmission) sticking around forever if an audio device is not connected.
Fixed the Broca Syandana clipping through Gara's legs.
Fixed the Kopra Suit leggings clipping through non-matching Suit types.
Fixed no subtitles appearing if you do not have an audio device connected.
Fixed footstep sounds not playing on certain surfaces in Cetus.
Fixed a script error that occurred when the Client attempts to capture the Capture target in the Plains.
Fixed being able to have 2 Sky Archwing Enablers on the ground. There should only ever be 1 from each player active on the ground (you can still be in Sky Archwing and spawn one for your friend to grab).
Fixed a potential script error when attempting to begin a Dojo Duel.
Fixed a script error when attempting to redeem Gems for Standing in Cetus.
Fixed a script error when casting Nyx's Absorb ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Ivara's Artemis Bow ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Chroma's Effigy ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Harrow's Covenant.
Fixed a script error when using Transference with Octavia.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.4
**Date:** 2017-11-06T21:33:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.4:
Spoiler
ARCHWING LAUNCHER: Fish Oil = 50 to 30
MAGUS HUSK: Fish Scales = 40 to 20
VIRTUOS TEMPO: Fish Scales = 40 to 20
MAGUS VIGOR: Fish Scales = 40 to 20
VIRTUOS NULL: Fish Scales = 40 to 20
EXODIA BRAVE: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA VALOR: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA MIGHT: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA MIGHT: Tralok Eyes = 40 to 5
EXODIA HUNT: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA HUNT: Sharrac Teeth = 10 to 5
EXODIA TRIUMPH: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA TRIUMPH: Mortus Horn = 10 to 5
EXODIA FORCE: Breath of the Eidolon = 20 to 10
EXODIA FORCE: Karkina Antenna = 10 to 5
MURKRAY BAIT: Tralok Eyes = 10 to 5
MURKRAY BAIT: Mortus Horn = 10 to 5
MURKRAY BAIT: Karkina Antenna = 20 to 10
MURKRAY BAIT: Fish Meat = 40 to 20
PEPPERED FISH BAIT: Quantity = 10 to 20
GLAPPID BAIT: Norg Brain = 10 to 5
GLAPPID BAIT: Cuthol Tendrils = 10 to 5
GLAPPID BAIT: Fish Meat = 60 to 10
NORG BAIT: Sharrac Teeth = 10 to 5
NORG BAIT: Karkina Antenna = 10 to 5
NORG BAIT: Fish Meat = 40 to 20
CUTHOL BAIT: Goopolla Spleen = 20 to 10
CUTHOL BAIT: Murkray Liver = 10 to 5
CUTHOL BAIT: Fish Meat = 40 to 20
ALL OPERATOR ARM ARMOR: Fish Scales = 50 to 30
ALL OPERATOR BODY ARMOR: Fish Scales = 80 to 50 (ZAUBA CUIRASS: Fish Scales = 400 to 50)
ALL OPERATOR LEGS ARMOR: Fish Scales = 50 to 30
ALL OPERATOR HELMETS: Fish Scales = 30 to 10
EKWANA II JAI: Mortus Horn = 10 to 5
EKWANA JAI: Goopolla Spleen = 10 to 5
JAI II: Yogwun Stomach = 10 to 5
VARGEET II JAI: Mortus Horn = 10 to 5
VARGEET JAI: Goopolla Spleen = 10 to 5
JAI: Khut-Khur Venom Sac = 10 to 5
EKWANA II RUHANG: Tralok Eyes = 10 to 5
EKWANA RUHANG: Sharrac Teeth = 10 to 5
RUHANG II: Yogwun Stomach = 10 to 5
VARGEET II RUHANG: Tralok Eyes = 10 to 5
VARGEET RUHANG: Sharrac Teeth = 10 to 5
RUHANG: Mawfish Bones = 20 to 5
CLAPKRA BRACE: Fish Oil = 50 to 35
JUTTNI BRACE: Fish Oil = 50 to 35
LOHRIN BRACE: Fish Oil = 50 to 35
Sky Archwing Enablers that are spawned on water will now be teleported directly to where you were last standing. Spawning them on water was making the Enablers unreachable. 
Improved the cloth physics on Nekros' Irkalla Binds.
Removed sneaky text about something upcoming. Shhhhh!
Reduced the damage and removed the forced stagger of the Sigma & Octantis shield throw in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed a Host migration during an Incursion resulting in no rewards for Client.
Fixed not being able to progress through the Chains of Harrow quest after talking to Palladino in Iron Wake.
Fixed the Hijacked Drone in the Plains not understanding that it has to go AROUND the nasty meteorite. 
Fixed a crazy unrealistic 'time until' displayed in Simaris' next Synthesis target and no Leaderboards displaying.
Fixed Clan Research causing delays in updating Clan Affinity.
Fixed Nidus' Maggots not latching onto enemies.
Fixed Nekros' Irkalla Binds appearing regardless of having them equipped on Nekros and Nekros Prime. 
Fixed certain Kavat Skins being shown in Market previews for Kavats Armor even though those Skins are not compatible with Armor.
Fixed a missing Operator walking animation in the War Within quest.
Fixed a script error when casting Hydroid's Undertow ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Vauban's Minelayer ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Trinity's Link ability.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.3
**Date:** 2017-11-02T23:10:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.3:
Bounty Incursions will no longer abort automatically upon leaving the marked area. A grace period timer indicted on your HUD is displayed to alert you to reenter the area and continue the Incursion.

### Fixes
Fixed not being able to extract in the last mission of The Silver Grove quest. 
Fixed Nekros' Irkalla chains clipping through his body.
Fixed Nekros' Irkalla wrist chains floating away. 
Fixed a script error when attempting to purchase the Meme Glyph Bundle.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.2
**Date:** 2017-11-02T18:32:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.2:
Operators can now always Transference to their Warframe while in air, but Warframes can only Transference to Operator once while in the air.
Convergence Orbs are now more lenient in Endless missions, and spawn at a position relative to the objective instead of the player. Orbs are also more combat-focused so that they are more likely to spawn as soon as the chance from a kill succeeds (before there could be short delays).

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopper where Vor was invincible. 
Fixed the Sigma and Octantis not shrinking when in your Orbiter.
Fixed the Teralyst not casting a shadow. And just like that, spring came early!
Fixed a crash in Captura when Dynamic Resolution is enabled.
Fixed a crash when launching The Index. 
Fixed a script error when attempting to research a Blueprint in the Dojo. 
Fixed a script error when a Host migration occurred that resulted in breaking Spear fishing for the new Host. 
Fixed an 'Excalinyx' appearing in the diorama of the Nyx Nemesis Complete Bundle.
Fixed a functionality loss when attempting to change Operator Hood after returning from Cetus.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.1
**Date:** 2017-11-01T23:18:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.2.1:

### Fixes
Fixed Nekros Prime arm dangle details appearing when equipped on the Nekros Irkalla Skin. As is standard and precedent for all in-house Deluxe Skins, the override of Prime Details is the intent. 
Fixed adjusting the Exposure in the Plains of Eidolon Captura Scene not functioning correctly and also causing the screen to flicker. 
Fixed no Zaw appearing when viewing its Codex diorama. 
Fixed Clients not being able to throw the Sigma & Octantis (Day 700 Daily Tribute reward) if a Stance Mod is equipped.
Fixed the Arsenal Captura screen not instructing you where/how to get the Plains of Eidolon Captura Scene. 
Fixed a Conclave crash. 
Fixed a HUD crash.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.2.0
**Date:** 2017-11-01T20:54:33Z | **Type:** Update
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.1.2
**Date:** 2017-10-30T21:36:20Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Deadly slashes from the Sigma sword are matched only by the force of the Octantis shield when thrown via air melee attacks. Enemies hit by the Octantis are also stunned for a short period of time, leaving them open to finisher attacks.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.1.2:

### Fixes
Fixed host migration restarting the last stage of a Bounty to a broken state when the Bounty was already completed during that session. 
Fixed chat-linking not working for the Kinetic Diversion, Target Acquired and Spring-Loaded Blade mods. 
Fixed several fish spawning and despawning issues including retreating fish completely stopping before despawning. They should now keep swimming as intended. 
Fixed various fish moving but lacking animation when doing so, and also repaired some with broken animations. 
Fixed Transports having two entries in the Codex.
Fixed multiple Nightwatch Enemy Codex entries with incorrect weapons and placeholder text for descriptions. 
Fixed an unintended issue where players could pick up Eidolon Shards after joining in-progress missions where the Teralyst had already been killed. 
Fixed an issue where Brilliant Eidolon Shards were not properly accounted for in the Focus Conversion screen after used to unlock Way-Bound nodes. 
Fixed a bug that allowed players to fish in the town of Cetus. 
Fixed a rare crash that would occur when transitioning from Cetus to the Plains, and another when transitioning from the Plains to Cetus. 
Fixed the Esc menu and the tutorial popups in Vor's Prize appearing stretched in non-standard aspect ratios.
Fixed certain Ostron dialogue not playing when it should. 
Fixed the material of Valkyr's Delusion Tennogen Skin incorrectly applying when toggling on the Prime details for Valkyr Prime in the Arsenal.
Fixed Clients hearing Operator footstep sound FX playing after quickly switching from Operator to Warframe. 
Fixed long Zaw Grips having similar range to one-handed weapons even though they are physically longer than some other long weapons. 
Fixed Clients not gaining energy from Void Dashing through enemies as your Operator.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.1.1
**Date:** 2017-10-27T20:21:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.1.0.1
**Date:** 2017-10-25T22:18:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Added more German loc

### Fixes
Fixed crashing in certain Archwing missions.

## Plains of Eidolon: Update 22.1.0
**Date:** 2017-10-25T20:57:43Z | **Type:** Update
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.9
**Date:** 2017-10-23T21:51:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.8
**Date:** 2017-10-20T21:44:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.8:
Added the option to redeem Brilliant Eidolon Shards for 25,000 focus each. Redeem for the school of your choice in the appropriate skill tree!
Made the Resource Theft bounty objective count as a success when the defense timer finishes, as a workaround for the armoured vault not opening. (still working on a proper fix!)
Made the "abandoning mission" trigger more aware of verticality
hopefully fewer fails when flying in from high above the objective!
Altered Zenurik's Energizing Dash bubble to look less like Sapping Osprey mines.
Partially fixed Lephantis' head not opening on some occasions. The issue hasn't been resolved completely, but there should be significantly fewer progression stoppers!

### Fixes
Fixed Convergence orbs spawning in the air.
Fixed Unairu's Magnetic Blast not dissipating on enemy death.
Fixed Unairu's Void Shadow description to be more accurate.
Fixed an issue where using Transference would deactivate invisibility powers
Fixed a progression stopper with the Kin rankup requirements in Cetus.
Fixed an exploit allowing use of baits you don't own.
Fixed an exploit for rapidly gaining affinity on Amps.
Fixed an issue where Blazing Chakram could escape the boundaries of the Plains.
Fixed amp affinity gain not properly appearing in the mission progress screen or Liset mission results screen.
Fixed a soft lock caused by equipping a Virtuos Arcane on an Amp.
Fixed hitches when equipping an Amp.
Fixed hitches when equipping a new modular weapon (Zaw) in the arsenal.
Fixed a placeholder tag that appeared when using the Volnus.
Fixed the Viper Wraith not being tradeable.
Fixed host avatars appearing invisible to clients when using the simulacrum arsenal.
Fixed Gladiator Resolve appearing in two different bounty reward tables.
Further fixes to masks regarding hair and textures.
Various crash fixes.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.7
**Date:** 2017-10-19T20:48:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.7:
Changed bounty reward tables:
Lower level bounties will have less stances, and more useful mods for new players.
Higher level bounties will offer Kuva and Void Traces.
Reduced crafting costs of operator arcanes:
Several reduced to 3 Eidolon Shards instead of 5.
Breath of Eidolon requirements replaced with common and uncommon resources.
Void Shadow no longer costs 40 Eidolon Shards to craft.
Rare and Legendary fish baits now hint to the location of the fish.
Added a fast travel option in your pause menu for all Cetus vendors.
Another update, another set of economy tweaks! Please stay tuned as we continue iterating on Cetus and its various interlocking systems.
Added a message when changing donations to syndicates, Cetus or Quills if the new total would cause you to exceed your daily cap or max rep.
Tweaked text elements in the donation UI screens.
Disabled powers in the tunnel between Cetus and Plains to reduce capacity for script errors.
Moved cut gems into the Resources tab of your inventory.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where players could not donate gems or cores to Cetus and Quills respectively.
Fixed a memory corruption error when using the mining tool.
Fixed hair not being covered by paper mache masks.
Fixed mining deposits overlapping on certain rocks.
Added underwater VFX to certain bodies of water in the Plains.
Fixed players not seeing the explosion of other players' embedded grenade launcher projectiles.
Added Tusk Recon Commander to the Codex.
Added Swooping Falcon, Carving Mantis, Twirling Spire and Stinging Thorn to the Codex.
Fixed the "focusing" sound for aiming with a fishing spear not working for clients.
Fixed Virtuos Ghost and Virtuos Shadow not having percentage values.
Fixed magnetic water in the Plains affecting Limbo while in Rift Walk. 
Fixed Ivara's Artemis Bow always shooting with a horizontal spread.
Improved performance issues when hitting multiple enemies with Valkyr's Paralysis.
Improved scripting for Hydroid's Tempest Barrage and Tentacle Swarm.
Fixed Gara's Spectrorage nullifier checks being too high.
Further fixes for Gara's Mass Vitrify not being properly dispelled by nullifiers.
Fixed Gara's glass armor appearing to fade in every time a new cosmetic option is chosen in the arsenal.
Fixed Vazarin's Guardian Shell not having unique values for the last 2 upgrade levels.
Fixed Naramon's Power Spike affecting sniper combo counter decay.
Fixed Unairu's Void Shadow being able to cloak defense objectives.
Fixed a crash caused by Unairu's Void Chrysalis.
Fixed an issue where using Transference for the first time upon entering the plains causing any invisibility on your Warframe to break.
Fixed Zaw weapons using sword holsters.
Fixed several common crashes.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.6 + 22.0.6.1
**Date:** 2017-10-18T21:11:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.5
**Date:** 2017-10-17T20:41:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added a hint below the Focus Capacity bar for how to drag the screen in order to view Focus nodes.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.5:
Mass Vitrify now grows downwards to help cover enemies below you like so
Increased the damage of the Krohkur in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed Sentient Shards sometimes spawning under the terrain.
Fixed not being able to progress the Plains Prospector achievement.
Fixed sometimes matchmaking with players doing Bounties when loading into the Plains. Matchmaking should match you with other players who are roaming around doing Incursions as opposed to Bounties. 
Fixed leaving the Plains and returning to Cetus as the Operator results in the End Of Mission screen being blank.
Fixed Pyrol and Azurite being rarer than intended and Coprun and Devar being more likely than intended. They should now be equally as likely.
Fixed the Host crashing in any 8 player game sessions, primarily affecting both Trials.
Fixed Drone Hijack spawning unrestricted quantities of enemies.
Fixed Syndicate Daily Standing limit reduction not being compensated for title cap, if the title cap leaves you with exactly 0 Standing gains.
Fixed being able to fly into one of the sections that you're supposed to walk in during The War Within.
Fixed Tusk Reavers not using one of their jetpack maneuvers,
Fixed Tusk Reavers doing their jetpack smash even when jetpack was destroyed.
Fixed progression stopper when going into the Plains from Cetus while holding TAB (having the quick view End of Mission up).
Fixed Transference being disabled for all squad players when only one player is in between the Cetus doors.
Fixed Zaw Rivens sometimes being shown as a generic Melee Riven.
Fixed Chat linking Zaw Rivens sometimes being shown as a generic Melee Mod.
Fixed being able to start the Saya's Vigil quest while in a group (Quest is Solo). 
Fixed incorrect Gem Icons.
Fixed the day/night cycle on Cetus affecting skyboxes in other procedural levels.
Fixed Operator hair not being visible when wearing an Ostron Mask. 
Fixed Nidus HUD not updating after respawning.
Fixed weapon reticle remaining when using Scanners in Sky Archwing.
Fixed Sniper reticles in Sky Archwing partially vanishing when aiming.
Fixed being able to equip the incorrect holster on Zaws.
Fixed a crash when returning from Plains if a squadmate connects/disconnects while rest of squad is waiting for the gates to open.
Fixed Warframe invincibility in the Simulacrum not applying to Operators if they haven't been spawned yet.
Fixed some hitching occurring in Cetus related to vendor dialog. 
Fixed a never ending looping reload animation when in Sky Archwing. 
Fixed Captain Vor's mission information not listing his name. 
Fixed a crash when entering the Plains.

## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.4
**Date:** 2017-10-16T23:24:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.3
**Date:** 2017-10-16T21:47:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.2
**Date:** 2017-10-13T19:57:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Plains of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.1
**Date:** 2017-10-13T03:07:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added 'Complete a Bounty in Cetus' text to Saya's Vigil quest to clarify prerequisite.

### Changes
Plains Of Eidolon: Hotfix 22.0.1:
Old Man Suumbaat now takes Raw Gems for Standing.
Increased accuracy and damage of the Grineer Dropship turrets in the Plains.
Fisher Hai-Luk in Cetus now displays the daily Standing limit, as well as the actual amount of Standing received when providing fish (as well as the total amount if it exceeds the Standing limit).
Increased the distance of Extraction during the Saya's Vigil quest.
Removed a few unreleased Mods from the Transmutation table and set them as Untradable. If you were able to acquire one you get to keep it for now!

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to visit the Plains and use weapons if joining in 'Public'. 
Fixed a crash when returning the Cetus from the Plains.
Fixed a crash when switching levels from the Plains.
Potential fix for Incursions hanging at the end of a stage seemingly randomly.
Fixed the objective not updating in Saya's Vigil quest.
Fixed getting an error message and your camera being stuck in place when selecting Old Man Suumbaat's Daily Special. 
Fixed Tusk Minigun Bombard Eximus and Tusk Sniper Eximus not reacting properly to being disarmed in Cetus.
Fixed long numerical values when crafting Amps in Cetus.
Fixed seeing floating Sigils when talking to vendors in Cetus.
Fixed seeing a Steel Meridian icon instead of Cetus Standing icon when returning to Cetus from the Plains.
Fixed incorrect Amp stats when viewing it in the Operator Customization screen.
Fixed a Relay/Cetus issue where player names may flicker or disappear.
Fixed fish not appearing in a certain area of water in the Plains.
Fixed a script error when casting Mag's Polarize. 
Fixed a crash when playing The Index.
Fixed not being able to open Relics and select rewards at the end of Void fissure missions.
Fixed some localization issues.

## Warframe Update 22: Plains of Eidolon
**Date:** 2017-10-12T22:00:20Z | **Type:** Update
## Hydroid Prime: Hotfix 21.7.1
**Date:** 2017-09-12T14:29:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hydroid Prime: Update 21.7.0
**Date:** 2017-09-07T18:44:11Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
We have added the display of the Melee Combo Counter when playing in Dual Wield mode!
Mods dropped by the Razorback Armada now properly list their drop locations.
Added Baro Ki'Teer's relay location and time until his departure to the Navigation Panel and to the Alert Menu in the World State Window:

Added continued polish for the new player experience. 
After defeating Captain Vor, we now block access to Navigation Console until all Lotus transmissions have completed and the Quest Complete screen has been shown. 
The Solar Map now only blinks the "next quest mission" node in flashing blue during Vor's Prize instead of all "unlocked-but-not-completed" nodes. We also tuned the blinking interval down to 1 second for Vor's Prize (instead of the default of 2 seconds) so these nodes are even more prominent.
Added some under-the-hood diagnostics to better assess chat connectivity issues.

### Changes
Hydroid Prime: Update 21.7.0:
Excalibur Proto and Nyx Nemesis Skins have received the PBR treatment! 
Overhauled all aspects of physics engine for general optimization. You shouldn't notice anything, but since we literally touched all aspects of physics we are hoping you can keep an eye out for odd new behavior. 
The Knell's headshot buff now decays only 1 stack at a time and lasts for 2 seconds per stack for a total of a 6 second decaying buff.
Lex headshot multiplier reduced to 1.5x in Conclave.
Fixed an issue with the Hirudo innate abilities not working in Conclave.
Increased primary fire damage of Euphona Prime in Conclave.
Reduced secondary fire damage of Euphona Damage in Conclave.
Reduced the radius of Nezha's Warding Halo in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of Pandero alt fire in Conclave.
Nezha's Warding Halo now only damages on touch and does not continue to damage targets that stay within its radius in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed issues with item linking containing Cyrillic letters in non-cyrillic languages. 
Fixed issues with some Credit based Inbox messages not instantly increasing Credits. 
Fixed various issues with Arcanes and some Conditional Mods not having proper line breaks. 
Fixed Zephyr's Tornadoes not showing up for low spec machines as per
Fixed an issue with hitching in game when switching to Dual Wield Mode for the first time. 
Fixed an issue with the 'Purity' trigger from New Loka not lasting the intended length in all trigger cases
it now lasts 30 seconds. 
Fixed issues that could occur when trying to use ESC as the Operator.
Fixed a script error that could occur when Host Migrating. 
Fixed the Edo Chest Piece sticking out on the Nyx Carnifex Skin. 
Fixed the Pakal right shoulder Armor clipping into Nyx's arm. 
Fixed the Embolist chest piece clipping into the Nyx Immortal, Saikou, Athena, and Carnifex Skins.
Fixed an effects-leak that could occur if Mag was killed at the right moment while casting Polarize.
Fixed getting locked in chat when opening a chat linked Riven during the End of Mission screen.
Fixed Synthesis Targets sometimes not spawning in The New Strange Quest due to a broken path in one of the procedural levels.
Fixed a rare script error in Mobile Defense missions that resulted in no enemies spawning and no Objective UI.
Fixed Maroo and Clem's mission description not being in uppercase in the Alert Menu.
Fixed offset issues with Syandanas on Mag. 
Fixed sending a Friend request via chat not updating the Pending friend list.
Fixed an issue where weapons that have a girth to their effective range like the Opticor were not hitting enemies in the correct order (sometimes missing nearby enemies but hitting ones further along its path).
Fixed a case where opening a chat link while in the store would cause the fade of the main store list to be set incorrectly.
Fixed not being able to view new users joining a Chat channel while the scrollbar is at the bottom without scrolling up and back down.
Fixed Hydroid Prime's mesh having holes.
Fixed a variety of localization errors.

## Hydroid Prime: Update 21.6.1
**Date:** 2017-08-31T19:21:56Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Improved objective marker pathing in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Rearranged quest order in the codex to help guide newer players.
Fixed using the Viper with the Skull Shots Mod or a Grakata with the Brain Storm Mod, activating the headshot bonus with the final shot in your magazine resulting in the weapon to fire much faster than intended in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed a popular crash that could occur if an NPC was firing a projectile weapon when you ran far enough away (this would often occur when doing Syndicate missions).
Fixed an invisible material above the Jordas Verdict Stage 2 elevator that was blocking movement.
Fixed performance degrading and possibly crashing the game when using Melee weapons with Mods that reduce the weapon's Range.
Fixed range mods not affecting whips when invisible.
Fixed an issue where Nami Skyla and Nami Skyla Prime were displaying different Riven dispositions.
Fixed the Jat Kusar charge attack exploding in your face if invisible.
Fixed instances of Ballistica Prime not properly spawning ghosts.
Fixed the color of the Prime Ballistica ghosts flickering for Clients.
Fixed Ballistica Prime not unfolding correctly if no primary is equipped.
Fixed incorrect glass material in several tileset.
Fixed level holes in the Corpus Outpost and Orokin Moon tilesets.
Fixed minimap issues in the Corpus Outpost and Ice Planet tilesets.
Fixed "building" VFX appearing on crafted weapons waiting in the foundry.
Fixed several emblems that were appearing too bright or too transparent.
Fixed an issue where players would get stuck ascending the ramp of their Liset.
FIxed various other crashes and added diagnostics to help isolate others.

## Hydroid Prime: Update 21.6.0
**Date:** 2017-08-29T17:55:46Z | **Type:** Update
## Chains of Harrow: Hotfix 21.5.2
**Date:** 2017-08-18T20:40:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Chains of Harrow: Hotfix 21.5.1
**Date:** 2017-08-17T20:36:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Chains Of Harrow: Hotfix 21.5.1:
Significantly shortened the time required to self-Revive from 3 seconds to 1 second. This is in an effort to make it a quick decision in the heat of battle. We don't want scenarios where teammates try to revive you as you choose to end it and are unsure why they can't do anything for 3 or more seconds.
Removed player's ability to shoot into Hydroid's Undertow since players don't get sucked into Undertow in Conclave.
Fixed a UI error that allowed you to see the names of your enemies through walls as if they were your teammates in Conclave.

### Fixes
It's been four deployments since our Original Hydroid revisited. Here is the latest batch of fixes. We do plan on focusing more on fixes for future deployments. In the week since the rework, we've seen a lot of great feedback and have incorporated some big changes. We will be giving the rework more time in player's hands before we consider further big changes
but as always please place your feedback in appropriate subforums.
Fixed using Hydroid's Tidal Surge while in Undertow causing extra Energy to be consumed for the distance traveled.
Fixed Clients using Hydroid's Undertow potentially becoming visible and vulnerable.
Fixed Hydroid's Undertow water volume replicating for Clients.
Fixed players affected with Radiation seeing a bunch of 0s when shooting Hydroid's Undertow with no enemies in it.
Fixed Vay Hek not entering his Terra Frame phase if he hasn't been encountered the right number of times on the way to the boss room.
Fixed the Operator Focus gauge visually not displaying for Clients.
Fixed HUD showing incorrect Health/Shield values for Operators.
Fixed ability UI not updating when switching between Archwing and ground.
Fixed the Equinox Insomnia Skin having an incorrect Helmet tintmask on the Day Form.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker disabling custom reticles for Snipers/Knell/etc. 
Fixed being unable to enter Archwing in the Tyl Regor boss fight as a Client.
Fixed Stealth Affinity buff display not updating past 100%.
Fixed players seeing a white Health bar/Revive symbol/generic name over reconnected players.
Fixed a crash when attempting to Revive.
Fixed new players seeing the incorrect number of Revives remaining before completing Vor's Prize.

## Chains of Harrow: Update 21.5.0
**Date:** 2017-08-16T20:44:07Z | **Type:** Update
## Chains of Harrow: Hotfix 21.4.2
**Date:** 2017-08-11T22:11:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Chains Of Harrow: Hotfix 21.4.2:
Improved the targeting of Hydroid's Tempest Barrage liquid fury. 
Improved the cast FX detail on the Kraken spawned from Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm.
Fixed Trinity's Energy Vampire affecting Hydroid when in Undertow. This was never intended as channeled abilities do not benefit from Energy Vampire.
Fixed Hydroid's Undertow puddle doubling as a kiddie pool and allowing players to enter Archwing Submersible when jumping into it in certain cases as seen here:
Fixed Hydroid's Undertow allowing Atlas to spawn infinite Rumblers as seen here:
Fixed being unable to use the Captura camera menu while in Hydroid's Undertow.
Fixed Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm Kraken appearing lower for Clients.
Fixed a rare issue of bad Undertow offsets occurring.
Improved load times on 3-core systems.
Optimized character lighting performance in the Earth Forest Defense tileset (among others).
The mission voting screen in endless missions will now proceed immediately if the squad vote is unanimous. 
Removed periods from all Challenge descriptions to make them consistent.
Increased the damage of the Snipetron in Conclave.
Decreased the damage of the Snipetron Vandal in Conclave.
Fixed trying to use Mesa's Waltz Peacemaker Conclave Augment causing you to get locked out of doing anything until Energy runs out or you die in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed the HUD freezing when reviving yourself while a teammate was attempting to revive you.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors only creating 1 Lenz explosion instead of 3.
Fixed mission loading screen Liset movement not accurately reflecting the movement of other squadmates.
Fixed Javlok consuming ammo from throwing while having the Void Fissure Reactant Buff (infinite ammo).
Fixed the Telos Boltace pull not working for Clients.
Fixed black squares in place of certain walls/exits appearing in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed Relic selection screen popping up when going to a quest node through the World State Window if there's a Void Fissure at that node.
Fixed Baro K'Teer's Inbox messages being sorted as if they were sent a long time ago.
Fixed some Survival and Spy doors not displaying properly.
Fixed Large Corpus Spy door frame lights remaining yellow after being hacked.

## Chains of Harrow: Hotfix 21.4.1
**Date:** 2017-08-10T21:41:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Oberon Prime: Hotfix 20.6.2
**Date:** 2017-05-30T18:11:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added a trade Chat cooldown timer as seen here:

Added more information to the '/help' command for in-game chat. We now show how to [item] link, {clan} link, and @user tag. We also added information on /join and /unstuck.

### Changes
Oberon Prime: Hotfix 20.6.2protect The Balance With Oberon Prime Access, Available Now!:
Silva & Aegis no longer benefits from blocking Elemental attacks, as it was intended to be a function for the Ack & Brunt. 
Ack & Brunt blocking now gains Elemental damage based on the Elemental damage type it blocked.
Pet Kubrow and Kavats will now recover from ragdoll instead of dying when they are ragdolled off the level or in bad positions.
Adjusted the Rubico's left hand placement to fix clipping inside the weapon.
Kuva Jesters can no longer attach to relatively small enemies (shorter than 1.5m) or tall enemies (greater than 3m) to fix odd scaling issues as seen here:
An error is now displayed in Chat when a message is blocked because it was the same as the previously sent message within a certain time frame.
Reduced the Fissure 'electrical' sounds in Void Fissure missions.
Volt's armor can now be used on Volt Prime so TennoGen Skins can look as intended.
Tweaked the audio design of Kuva Siphons.

### Fixes
Fixed The Grustrag 3 sometimes not spawning (or conversely double spawning) in The Law of Retribution.
Fixed the Hek Drone that spawns with The Grustrag 3 leaving immediately in The Law of Retribution.
Fixed the Hek Drone sometimes arriving as an Eximus unit, but also as a Corpus attack drone in The Law of Retribution. 
Fixed Void Relics becoming unequipped if the game attempted to join an existing squad, but then failed due to those squads filling up.
Fixed players being able to join another player's Captura even when that hosting player is in Solo mode.
Fixed Banshee's Silent stopping the Conculyst Whirlwind attack, rendering the Sentient invincible. 
Fixed Infested Boiler Nekros shadows spawning pods when they die (they are only supposed to spawn them on damage).
Fixed Oberon's Reckoning causing enemies to float in the air indefinitely.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Ground FX being offset if cast while moving.
Fixed a script error that could occur when giving certain stacking buffs to allies. 
Fixed the Nidina Armor not sitting properly on Saryn or Saryn Prime with her Orphid Skin equipped.
Fixed a script error that could occur when sporadically sending messages in trade Chat.
Fixed camera colliding with Saryn's Molt.
Fixed some cases of HUD/squad panel buff indicators showing too many decimals.
Fixed not being able to launch Mastery Tests while in the Navigation panel.
Fixed issues with the alignment of news on the in-game news console. 
Fixed wonky Operator hair shading.
Fixed not being able to continue Trials or Quest missions immediately following a Hotfix.
Fixed edge cases of HUD breaking gameplay.
Fixed Osprey mines still not dealing damage.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.6.1
**Date:** 2017-05-25T22:08:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.6.1oberon Changes:
Obaeron, Broberon, Goat Lord...these are just a few of the names bestowed upon our faithful Oberon.
With the dedicated amount of continued feedback and passionate discussions about Oberon's changes, the time has come to release another round of changes!
Oberon Prime is right around the corner so the spotlight will be on him like never before.
The changes below were brought forth from Dev discussions and by you, our devoted Tenno.
Our goal has always been to give synergy to Oberon's abilities, while still giving him a way to fill multiple roles in battle.
We hope these further changes do just that.
Tweaked Hallowed Ground FX to reduce performance issues.
Range Mods now apply 75% to Range (distance from Oberon) and 75% to Arc Angle of Hallowed Ground (before was 25% to Range and 75% to Arc before).
Oberon's Renewal now heals friendly summoned units (IE Nekros' Shadows of the Dead) at 1/3 the rate but consumes 1/3 the Energy drain for doing so. The change to have Renewal not affect friendly summons was met with varying opinions, and is now further tweaked to meet a happy middle ground. 
Oberon's Renewal Armor buff will be applied to allies anytime they step on Hallowed Ground while Renewal is active on them as opposed to them having to be on Hallowed Ground when Renewal hits them.
Renewal no longer affects Nidus' Maggots as to not prevent them from exploding (their intended behavior).
Oberon's Reckoning Armor debuff is now based on the target's base Armor instead of current Armor (meaning no more diminishing returns).
Pull, Magnetize, and Polarize can now be cast while in motion
their animations now only take place on the upper body. 
Removed the .75 second delay at the end of Mag's Crush cast.
Eximus units can now be summoned as Inaros' Sand Shadows. 
Tweaked the Endura Idle FX to better display 'leafy particles'. 
Saved 10MB of RAM and reduced update and startup time for players that installed from Steam or used the Offline-Installer.

### Fixes
Fixed being unable to craft the Destreza. This also fixes other items requiring Argon Crystals not being craftable. 
Fixed crashing or failing to join when using the /join command to enter a player's mission.
Fixed crashing when attempting to enter the Dojo.
Fixed extracting as the Operator not applying Boosters to obtained Kuva.
Fixed a script error when attempting to Randomize your Warframe appearance in the Arsenal.
Fixed retaining the Fissure Primary Weapon buff permanently with Ivara's Artemis Bow.
Fixed the Nidina Armor not properly applying chosen Energy color. 
Fixed the Nidina Armor clipping into Frost/Frost Prime and his Skins.
Fixed some texture issues on the Ivara Youkai Skin. 
Fixed some texture issues on the Repala Syandana. 
Fixed seeing an empty screen when attempting to place a Decoration in the Obstacle Course. It's fully intentional that Decorations are not placeable in the Obstacle Course, but the empty screen was not intended to appear.
Fixed underlying/default node's requirements being checked when taxiing to a Sortie mission (ie Kela's Judgement Points).
Fixed being unable to select a Relic in an Endless Fissure mission if a Relic was not brought in the mission from the start.
Fixed Hosts seeing Clients firing multiple bullets when they only fired one. 
Fixed some Pistols having a weird left hand movement when firing.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.6.0 + 20.6.0.1
**Date:** 2017-05-24T20:42:16Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20.6.0:
Chat now includes a max character indicator for the current channel like so:
Veiled Riven Mods can no longer be equipped on Sentinel weapons. This was causing the Unveiling progress to not be tracked/completed. 
The Ayatan Sculpture screen now has a search bar and sorting options.
Nova's Antimatter Drop will now auto-detonate upon Nova dying. 
The Defense objective in the Grineer Fortress now begins the same way as all other Defenses by walking up to the circle and initiating the auto start.
Improved handling of corrupt cache data.
Optimized several things to save 5MB of RAM and accelerate content update.
Removed unintended 25 Impact damage AOE when Mutalist Quanta orb expires (it still does 100 Electrical damage). The Impact damage never scaled with Mods and would only have hit if the target was inside the orb.
Nekros' Shadows of the Dead can now summon Eximus units! This fixes the issue of Nekros being unable to summon Eximus units at all.

### Fixes
Fixed various doors appearing stuck in a half-opened state for Clients. 
Fixed Banshee's Sound Quake doing slightly less damage at low frame-rates (1.7% less at 30 FPS, 0.8% at 60 FPS).
Fixed the Sancti Tigris Health buff not working for Clients and only lasting 10 seconds in total for the Host.
Fixed (for real this time) interrupting Hydroid's Tempest Barrage animation causing the FX to repeat.
Fixed not receiving any messages if a Chat channel only had exclude filters.
Fixed extracting as the Operator not saving Syndicate Standing in cases where the player's Warframe had a Syndicate Sigil equipped in a regular mission.
Fixed Chat not suggesting linked Prime Warframes. 
Fixed Operator running out of Void energy at high FPS in Captura.
Fixed the Zaikhya Syandana and Incubus Syandana not moving independently from each other. 
Fixed the Covenant Syandana appearing stiff and clipping.
Fixed Operator hair rendering/blocking in front of the Operator's face when in a room that has had the windows broken (ie Corpus Ship).
Fixed flickering glass on some Grineer Sealab extraction tiles.
Fixed buttons in some lists becoming offset after scrolling.
Fixed some list entries sometimes extending through the scroll bar after scrolling.
Fixed the Sentinel Regen Mod not working when controlling the Operator.
Fixed Focus icons appearing over numerous Market items.
Fixed not being able to see what gender your Pet is when it's out of Stasis.
Fixed not being able to hear Syndicate Status effects while invisible. 
Fixed Sortie Defense targets dying to Grineer Fortress traps.
Fixed the Igaro Syandana clipping into Volt's legs.
Fixed Chat filters shortening the available text area.
Fixed Credit balance display precision for the exceedingly wealthy.
Fixed Ember's Flash Accelerant Augment Mod description reading 'Fire' instead of 'Heat'.
Fixed Operator Void Blast costing more Energy for Clients than for Host.
Fixed Warframe mesh being applied to Operator when changing loadout in the Navigation screen.
Fixed various Clan room titles using the description as the room title.
Fixed some animation pops when casting Oberon's Reckoning.
Removed the Mastery Rank requirement from the Nidina Armor Set.
Removed the Mastery Rank requirement from the Endura Collection
Changed the Endura to be Mastery Rank 7 required instead of 8.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.5.2
**Date:** 2017-05-18T21:01:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.5.2:
Optimized memory used by UI elements to improve stability on 32-bit systems.
Made several Chat optimizations for scrolling and icon loading. 
Refreshing Chat text now only processes the last 200 visible lines (based on the size of the Chat area) instead of the last 200 messages. This improves performance whenever a message takes up more than one line.
Inclusive Chat filters will now display messages based on individual filters instead of all filters. Previously, messages would only be displayed if both filters A AND B were present. Now messages are displayed based on whether they are filter A OR B. 
You can now hit "enter" to add to your Chat filters!
Reduced icon loading delay. Icons are only drawn when they come into scroll range instead of every element in range being redrawn after scrolling.

### Fixes
Fixed double initial Chat messages when a new tab is created.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors causing some explosives to detonate immediately.
Fixed launcher projectiles auto-detonating on the Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed Transference not working in Captura.
Fixed Hosts/Clients in Captura not having unlimited Operator power.
Fixed Hosts/Clients having to wait for Focus to cool down in Captura.
Fixed Clients being able to enter Captura alone.
Fixed a case where you can be stuck in the Chat resize mode due to the mouse being seen as off-screen for a moment.
Fixed Nezha's Blazing Chakram getting stuck in the terrain resulting in a perpetual 'Power In Use'.
Fixed Ash getting perpetually stuck when teleporting to a Death Orb.
Fixed a script error when viewing time played in a Survival mission in the End Of Mission screen.
Fixed being able to Ignore yourself in Chat.
Fixed missing fade FX from Market icons.
Fixed smooth scrolling lists losing focus in Leaderboard screen when skipping category elements (ie. WEEKLY).
Fixed Chat linked item that are linkable only when owned not showing up as links to anyone who doesn't own it.
Fixed the Operator customization menu remaining/overlapping the UI when viewing Navigation.
Fixed an issue with the Kunai entry diorama being too zoomed in. 
Fix a script error when going into Foundry > Components.
Fixed Uppercase and Lowercase Clan names appearing when linked in Chat.
Restored the loading screen tips that had been broken by the addition of new entries.
Fixed the Sharpened Claws Kavat Mod giving Armor removed by 4 Corrosive Projections back to enemies. Bad kitty!
Fixed interrupting Hydroid's Tempest Barrage animation causing the FX to repeat.
Fixed Solo players sometimes unable to launch Captura.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.5.1
**Date:** 2017-05-17T21:52:35Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.5.1:
Widened News console display screen.

### Fixes
Fixed the elusive invulnerable enemy bug as per:Thank you everyone for contributing to this thread! The issue was caused by enemies entering 'safe zones' like Eximus snowglobes or Nullifier shields, then having those zones destroyed. 
Fixed TennoGen Covenant Syandana occasionally bending oddly with various Stances. 
Fixed crash when a Client used Focus abilities inside of Limbo's Cataclysm. 
Various localization fixes and additions. 
Fixed "sessions available" window incorrectly showing friends in Captura as in a Survival mission on Jupiter.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.5.0
**Date:** 2017-05-17T19:16:26Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
At long last TennoGen Round 8 is here! If you launch the game through the Steam Client, you will be able to purchase these skins!
Incubus Ribbon Syandana by Volkovyi
Covenant Syandana by Frelling Hazmot
Raiji Syandana by led2012
Repala Syandana by Master Noob
Zaikhya Syandana by Malayu and Cobalt
Limbo Vasiona Skin by Volkovyi
Volt Zener Skin by Rekkou
Volt Capacitor Skin by Del
Ember Magesty Skin by Prosetisen and Cheshire
Ember Ignition Skin by Kaiceps
Ivara Arcuata Skin by Stenchfury
Ivara Youkai Skin by HitsuSan
Saryn Belladonna Helmet by Malayu
Nyx Ampulex Helmet by Vulbjorn, the walrus rider.
Trinity Ancyra Helmet by Arsenal
Rhino Warlust Helmet by Stenchfury
Skana Arit Skin by Arsenal (this can be used on any applicable weapon, not just the Skana).
To try this out, when you go to the 'Appearance' tab for your Warframe, you will see Attachments and Syandana are now *separate*. Use each of these areas to customize as you see fit!
Added a 'toggle Friendly Fire' button to photobooth.
Multiplayer Captura is here! This feature supports up to 4 Tenno in a Captura single session. Whether you're bringing Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, and Rafael to life or up to something less reptilian we can't wait to see what you come up with.
So how does it work?
All members must be in a squad together.
The Host can select Captura from the Arsenal (same place it always is) and this will bring all squad members into the session.
When in a session, the Host controls time (pause/unpause), but everyone is able to enter freecam Captura mode when the Host initiates this.
Chat Filters are here for all public chats!
To use these filters, click the new magnifying glass icon and customize your filters!
Filters work per channel (region, trading, recruiting, etc) !
Filters work on an include/exclude basis
you can list what you want to see and what you don't want to see!
Added a limit for the amount of host migrations that can occur in a single mission. 4 host migrations are now the maximum permitted consecutive 4 host migrations in a single session. It'll reject connection if reconnection count exceeded

### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20.5.0:
Air Support Turrets will self-destruct after 60 min and Med Towers after 20 min to prevent long-term exploits
Phorid's portrait will now be displayed when viewing Invasion battle details instead of generic Infestation image.
The World State Window will now close when clicking outside of the window instead of having to manually close it.
Reduced the detonation delay of detonated explosive weapons (Talons, Castanas, etc).
Improved Oberon's Hallowed Ground ability to go up slopers.
Updated Aviator, Agility Drift and Heightened Reflexes Mods to read absolute % to avoid double negatives.
Updated Mod descriptions that mentioned Power -Range, Duration, and Efficiency to read as Ability and some where Power should say Energy.

### Fixes
Fixed Phorid Assassination requiring Animo Beacons/Judgment points when occupying Hades/Merrow.
Fixed issues with your currently selected Relic not properly displaying in squads.
Fixed a per-frame spot-load hitch in the lobby after a teammate had selected a Relic.
Fixed an error that would occur if you viewed a Profile that hadn't participated in Operation Ambulas Reborn.
Fixed Tysis playing doubling reload sounds.
Fixed falling through the world in the Simulacrum a Focus ability was used over a teleport volume.
Fixed sell screen for Ayatan Sculptures and Prime Parts in Maroo's Bazaar/Relay showing all items.
Fixed falling through elevators when using Focus abilities while riding the elevator.
Fixed spamming Transference in teleport volumes sometimes resulting in falling out of the world.
Fixed another typo in Alad V's boss fight transmission.
Fixed the quest marker breaking in the first mission of The Archwing quest.
Fixed the Electromagnetic Shield and Heightened Reflexes Mods displaying incorrect text descriptions.
Fixed Sugatras floating away when equipped on the the Scindo Manticore Skin.
Fixed the Incubus Syandana clipping through Titania's wings.
Fixed numerous Syandanas clipping through Chroma's Dynasty Skin.
Fixed Naramon Sundering Blast not giving enemies the correct Melee weapon for their faction when it disarms them.
Fixed the Avenging Truth Mod absorbing damage from ally players.
Fixed Resource purchase prompt displaying unit price as 0 Platinum in the in-game Market.
Fixed the Sacrifice Sentinel Mod putting you into a Bleedout state instead of reviving you in Archwing.
Fixed Clients UI stopping before 100% when charging Inaros' Scarab Armor.
Fixed not being able to recolor some Sugatras.
Fixed reviving in Archwing displaying ground weapons equipped visually all at once.
Fixed Captura Scenes being displayed under 'Crafting Components' when Trading.
Fixed the bottom part of the Clan element in Profile summary being cut off when the player being viewed isn't in a Clan.
Fixed displaced text when viewing a profile.
Fixed Spearmint Scythe skin hand positions being offset on the Anku and Caustacyst.
Fixed the kill counter continuing to track enemy kills despite meeting the required amount for Extermination.
Fixed trade-banned players being able to trade.
Fixed missions timers slowing down the longer an Endless missions lasts.
Fixed a case where Clients would incorrectly think they received a proc they were supposed to be immune to with Inaros' Negation Swarm Mod IF they were shot twice on the same frame, by the same source, and the 2nd shot tried to apply a proc that the 1st shot didn't.
Fixed Dojo bells not playing sounds for Clients.
Fixed a localization issue with some Mod categories not properly displaying (Companions, Augments).
Fixed issues with the menu scaling having unintended effects on the Companions menu if no pets were active.
Fixed performance issues with Frost's Avalanche FX.
Fixed Energy not being restored when you revive to the last value you had before.
Fixed all kills being reported as 'BULLET JUMP' in Conclave.
Fixed toxin damage hitting Limbo in the rift.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.6
**Date:** 2017-05-11T19:05:55Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.6:
We have made changes to the way Grineer Hellion missile knockdown works. Before, knockdown could occur on direct hits and if you were in the explosion AoE. After this change, knockdown will only have a chance to occur on direct hits (the explosion AoE will no longer have a chance to knock you down). 
Optimized memory usage and speed for game startup and the Navigation console.
Balanced the amount of the Panthera's Alt Fire beams fired in Limbo's Rift to match other beam weapons in an effort to reduce performance issues.
Improved translated text description placement on a handful of Mods.
Updated Companion UI to read as 'Pets' anywhere an Imprint is mentioned.

### Fixes
Potential fix for Clients getting stuck doing a hack action when under poor network conditions.
Fixed reloading a charged Bow shot not canceling the shot.
Fixed casting one-handed abilities (Volt's Shock, Ember's Fireball, etc) canceling weapon reloads.
Fixed Transmuting a Mod in the Relay not showing results and not updating the Mod collection.
Fixed the Supra/Supra Vandal's firing sounds being cut off. 
Fixed the Handshake Emote animation not working properly in Relays.
Fixed the Operator remaining visible after taking control of a Golden Maw in The War Within.
Fixed minimap marker positions and on-screen markers being inconsistent. 
Fixed not seeing the Lotus transmission after picking up the Navigation Segment during Vor's Prize.
Potential fix for experiencing a spot-load when you have a Sentinel weapon in your loadout but no Sentinel equipped.
Fixed a memory leak when throwing the Javlok/Ferrox in Limbo's Stasis.
Fixed not being able to input the Datamass into a Mobile Defense terminal if someone is standing in the way.
Fixed not being able to use the vault doors in the Orokin Derelict if there's a Kavat/Kubrow or other player in the way.
Fixed continuous weapons (Ignis, etc) getting extreme Range when used in Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed Landing Craft's flying through walls in the Landing Craft Relay Hub.
Fixed Moon Clans seeing negative Nano Spore research numbers for the Hema. This was purely a UI bug. 
Fixed spot-loading materials when you turned around in the Landing Craft after spawning in.
Fixed projectile weapons detonating prematurely in Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed an issue with the Condor Dropship's enemy type ... it's not made of flesh. 
Fixed being force-extracted on a specific Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed Air Support Med Towers and Sentry Turrets not being destroyed when the player who initiated them disconnects from the game. 
Fixed hacked Ambulas dropping Animo Beacons (that you don't get to keep) in Captura.
Fixed numerous instances of inconsistent translated text. 
Fixed a typo in Alad V's boss fight transmission. 
Fixed a crash from Helios' Detect Vulnerability Precept.
Fixed loading into a Lunaro lobby and only seeing ghostly Excalibur placeholders.

## Hotfix 20.4.5
**Date:** 2017-05-09T01:19:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.5:

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where the Jackal was dropping Gorgon Wraith Parts. This may or may not be a spoiler for the rewards of the coming Razorback Armada...
Fixed issues with game freezes when viewing certain menus.
Fixed an issue with Scavenger Ospreys summoned by Nekros/manipulated by Nyx/other abilities consuming loot (they ignore it now when 'under the influence').

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.4
**Date:** 2017-05-08T21:42:19Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.4:
Removed a duplicate Ambulas Codex entry.

### Fixes
Fixed enemies spawned by the Condor Dropship ignoring objectives in Interception missions.
Fixed experiencing a crash after throwing the Javlok in the air then Transferring to the Operator.
Fixed built Exilus Adapters being offered as Rare Invasion rewards instead of the Blueprint. PLEASE NOTE this does not change the current invasion, but future ones.
Fixed Oberon's Hallowed Ground FX not disappearing after a Host migration.
Fixed Limbo's Cataclysm FX sometimes lingering behind for Clients.
Fixed floating Ambulas body parts during the boss fight.
Fixed a script error with Saryn's Spore ability.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.3+20.4.3.1
**Date:** 2017-05-05T20:26:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
The Wukong Macak Helmet has been added to the Alert cycle. Sneaky Wukong snuck past us!

### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.3:
Animo Beacons in the Ambulas boss fight on Hades are now End of Mission rewards in an even amount of 20, as opposed to hacked drops from the Ambulas boss. Please keep in mind that this change allows the Ambulas boss fight to follow suit with how other boss rewards are given.
The Prisma Obex is now tradable!
Slightly adjusted the firing sounds of the Supra.
Slightly reduced the damage of the Prisma Obex in Conclave.
Returned the Sonicor to it's skyrocketing glory.

### Fixes
Fixed more exploits with the Operation on Excavation missions.
Fixed extracting as the Operator not properly counting collected Animo Beacons for the Operation.
Fixed Clan stats in the Profile menu not updating live during Operations.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.2
**Date:** 2017-05-05T03:26:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.2:
Ambulas now follows suit with other bosses that are affected by diminishing returns for Zenuriks Void Pulse. Ambulas will still be affected by Void Pulse, but for a shorter duration as intended with bosses.
The Self Destruct Sentinel Mod now has a forced knockdown proc upon explosion. The Mod description has been updated to reflect this!

### Fixes
Fixed an exploit in the Operation that could occur on Host Migration. Scores obtained with this exploit are being removed in a script shortly.
Fixed an exploit with the Operation on Excavation missions.
Fixed Trial Credits rewards being halved as per:
Fixed Self Destruct, Regen/Primed Regen, and Sacrifice Sentinel Mods not synergizing. Self Destruct will now proc everytime Regen does (i.e. when the Sentinel would have died).
Fixed Voltage Sequence being Uncommon when it should be Rare.
Fixed damaged Ambulas armor pieces floating in the air after a Host migration.
Fixed receiving multiple copies of Operation: Ambulas Reborn Inbox reward messages.
Fixed the Navigation console and World State Window displaying the wrong Operation icon.
Fixed the Ambulas Reborn Sigil showing as the Index Sigil in the UI.
Fixed some sounds not playing properly for Clients during Ambulas boss fight.
Fixed numerous TennoGen items that did not have localized description text.
Fixed overlapping localized text in Oberon's abilities screen.
Fixed Melee weapons sometimes moving player backwards during swing on Submersible levels.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.1
**Date:** 2017-05-04T18:01:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.4.1:
Mastery Rank 3 and under can now purchase Operation: Ambulas Reborn rewards from Ergo Glast in the Perrin Sequence Relay room.
Increased Ambulas' ability resistance to better defend against strong CC abilities. 
Improved launcher error messages when antivirus software is prevent you from playing.
Optimized the Navigation menu initialization slightly to avoid a memory-spike that could crash 32-bit systems.
Improved Condor Dropship triggering in the Corpus Outpost tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed incorrect Ambulas Reborn quota appearing in UI for Clans who had not contributed any Animo Beacons yet.
Fixed Ospreys initiating their Ambulas hacking while being Mind Controlled by Nyx. 
Fixed a possible script error with Atlas' Petrify.
Fixed Condor Dropship enemies falling off the ship edge and plummeting to their doom.
Fixed "default" material showing up on an asset in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed seeing "you need to unlock Pluto to play this event" message appearing when clicking on the Operation in the World State Window.
Fixed overlapping text when viewing the Friends menu while in a mission.
Fixed translated Inbox Transmission text having wonky line breaks.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.4.0
**Date:** 2017-05-04T13:58:50Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20.4.0:
Increased Oberon's base energy from 100 to 150. 
Improved the visibility of Oberon's Hallowed Ground FX. 
Fixed Oberon's Renewal Energy per target Arsenal stat display not being affected by Efficiency Mods.
Fixed Smite projectiles not targeting ragdolled enemies. 
Fixed Renewal FX not lasting as long as the ability is active.
Fixed Health Regeneration not working after triggering the Phoenix Renewal Augment.
Fixed unequipping Oberon not returning Kavat/Kubrow Health to its original value until you enter a mission. 
Fixed performance issues from Hallowed Ground. 
Fixed some issues with trying to add or remove a Renewal buff from multiple teammates over time rather than all at once.
Fixed Renewal not being applied to allies in bleed out as it did previously.
Matchmaking for The Index now uses wager levels when setting up Squads. This means Low/Medium/High wager players will not be matchmade together
you'll only be put with others that have chosen the same wager. This should mitigate conflicting goals within a Squad.
We have made some tweaks to last week's reinforcement: the Cycron! If you haven't picked this up yet yourself, the Cycron doesn't have a reload function; it has a recharge function. As of this Update, the Cycron battery recharge delay time is now halved when the mag is not empty. This means monitoring your ammo while feathering the trigger will be a good strategy when using this weapon. 
We have made some tweaks to older Warframe Auras. As you may know, an Aura's Mod Rank determines how much additional Mod Capacity you get. We've increased the following Auras form 3 Ranks to 5 Ranks. With this change, we also buffed the Auras: 
Speed Holster has gone from 80% to 120% at Max Rank.
Dead Eye has gone from 35% to 52.5% at Max Rank.
EMP Aura has gone from 10% to 15% at Max Rank.
Sprint Boost Aura has gone from 10% to 15% at Max Rank. 
Removed Lua Spy missions from Sortie rotation due to extensive Client loading times on min spec machines. Please note that we are working to fix this and add Lua Spy missions back into the Sortie rotation.
Added an extra line to Limbo's Passive description to speak to his Energy gathering in the Rift.
Improved experiencing memory loss in the Relays. 
Changed "CANCEL FUSION" label to "BACK" when reaching max rank on a Mod when Fusing and when there are no pending Fusion tasks.
Reprioritzed a few screens in the Relay so that they load faster even when there's a throng of people around and you're competing for IO bandwidth for their loadouts.
Adjusted the Rift weight of the Cycron beams in Limb's Stasis to fix performance issues.

### Fixes
Fixed a crashed caused by a poor corrupt cache being further abused from someone bypassing the launcher.
Fixed a loss of functionality when opening a Chat link while viewing another diorama.
Fixed Clients unable to destroy nerves in The Jordas Verdict Stage 3.
Fixed a case where the Void Relic picker wouldn't appear for players after a mission vote was cancelled.
Fixed ally NPCs (Sentinels, etc) not able to have abilities affecting them nullified.
Fixed Ratel's being immune to Inaros' Devour. 
Fixed becoming invincible after casting Nyx's Absorb with Assimilate equipped and then Transferring to the Operator. 
Fixed being able to walk around in Mesa's Peacemaker by opening the Power Menu.
Fixed the Arcane Aegis Shield recharge being delayed by a couple seconds instead of being instant. 
Fixed not being able to equip Ruinous Extension on the Cycron.
Fixed the Sarpa not firing in bursts with the Bullet Dance Stance equipped.
Fixed being able to fire the Buzlok without triggering to fire.
Fixed being able to spam Disarm in quick succession as per:
Potential fixes for enemies falling through a Lua Defense level and surviving as per: 
Fixed The Index wager selection screen allowing you to select a wager even if you didn't have enough Credits.
Fixed The Index wager screen skipping when being invited to play (therefore defaulting you to the lowest wager tier).
Fixed purge timer in The War Within liset purge mission being broken if the player watches a transmission from their Inbox.
Fixed Gas Status UI icons lingering forever.
Fixed Relay room names being off-screen when playing in higher resolutions.
Fixed Clients being able to invite other players to an 'Invite Only' squad hosted by another player. 
Fixed the Sword and Shield Danaus Skin shield attachment positioning.
Fixed Operator Sigils having incorrect scale/position/rotation in the Navigation screen.
Fix the player's Warframe holding a 2nd copy of the Operator in their hand during The Second Dream.
Fixed the Lynx Turret Grenades not actually creating Turrets. 
Fixed (for real this time) Ratel's appearing in the Hyena cinematic.
Fixed Void Turrets not activating. 
Fixed casting Saryn's Molt in the Simulacrum allowing you to kill yourself. 
Fixed Titania's Bullet Jump FX lingering forever. 
Fixed the Pox diorama being aggressively zoomed in.
Fixed issues where things with a bleedout state would not disappear in the SImulacrum when you returned to your respawn platform. 
Fixed issues with building up infinite Cycron beams in the Rift with Stasis. 
Fixed incorrect Excavator spawn points in the Corpus Ice Planet tileset. 
Fixed firing Zarr's Barrage inside Limbo's Rift disabling Stasis.
Fixed script error when Alt firing Paracyst into the ground.
Fixed Oberon's Passive not functioning in Conclave.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.3.1
**Date:** 2017-04-27T20:46:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Removed a rogue Kuria from the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Replaced "IMPORTANT: " with a icon for the note on Mods offered in Syndicate offerings.
Tweaked 'Daily Standing Remaining' text on Syndicate panel a bit more terse to avoid wrapping.
Disabled 'Menu Scale' support from the Tactical Alerts Emblems.
Decreased Oberon's Renewal stats to balance the removal of Heal Time in Conclave.
Fixed only the loadout that you end with getting experience if you change your loadout during a match in Conclave. 
Fixed Clients not receiving bonus Affinity in Conclave.

### Fixes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.3.1oberon Changes & Fixes:
As a part of this revisit, Smite has remained largely the same in execution but different in stats. After a review yesterday's deployment, we are further tweaking stats to have better initial impact and scaling.
Increased Smite's projectile damage from 20% of the target's max Health + Shield to 35%.
Added base damage to Smite and its projectiles. With the damage of Smite scaled into its projectiles, this will give Smite more punch when facing lower level enemies.
Oberon's ability to keep himself and his teammates alive is a large part of his overall role. Feedback brought forth further tweaks with the intention to solidify this role.
Removed Heal Time from Renewal. Renewal now functions more conventionally as a toggle which drains 2 Energy per second while active + 3 Energy per second per target actively being healed. *Please note that Trinity's Energy Vampire will not give Oberon Energy while Renewal is active.
Added the "is active" ability icon animation to Renewal.
Fixed Renewal bleedout buff being removed when entering bleedout.
Fixed Hallowed Ground being impossible to see with low particle quality setting. *Please note we are still working on Hallowed Ground FX improvements overall.
Fixed a script error with Hallowed Eruption Augment upon deactivating while another Oberon has Hallowed Ground active, resulting in the FX to remain forever.
Fixed Hallowed Ground & Hallowed Eruption Augment not hurting ragdolled enemies.
Fixed a The War Within progression stopping issue that was caused by missing transmissions. 
Fixed Ratels being immune to certain Warframe abilities. 
Fixed Nullifier bubbles for Clients getting created 2-3s after it is created for the Host leading to issues as described here: .
Fixed a script error for Clients when a Nullifier spawns his bubble which also fixes the above. 
Fixed the Magnum Force Mod having 2 Accuracy stats in the description.
Fixed Clients sometimes not seeing Defense/Rescue target Health bars.
Fixed an unbreakable bar in the Grineer fans that wasn't being destroyed if the Client only damaged the fan blade as seen here:
Fixed scaling the Chat window now preserving the position relative to the size of the screen. 
Fixed the Lucra Syandana displaying low quality Corpus text.
Fixed Syandana collision issues on numerous TennoGen/Deluxe Skins and Prime variants.
Fixed markers and names appearing in front of the Void Relic selection screen instead of behind during an Endless Void Fissure mission. 
Fixed performing Melee attacks as you are being staggered causing the animation to replay once you recover.
Fixed melee weapon light flickering on and off and appearing to have a hard edge when near grass in the Grineer Earth tileset. 
Fixed some weapon trail placements on the Fang and Dual Skanas.
Fixed a deadlock that could occur when aborting the content update process on a fast network and a slow hard-drive.
Fixed the 'Mastery Locked' text being occluded by the weapon icon. 
Fixing Octavia's Mallet looking solid in Dx9. 
Fixed a script error with the Harpak's Alt Fire.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.3.0
**Date:** 2017-04-26T21:47:34Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20.3.0:
*Grab the Cycron now by purchasing it in the Market or in Corpus Clan Tech research!
Damage from projectiles emitted from the enemy scales based on enemy level. Projectile damage spreads across all projectiles and is affected by Mods.
Visually updated!
Hallowed Ground is now more of an 'arc' shape (Range Mods create a wider/longer arc).
Added a Status Chance that is affected by Strength Mods.
Adjusted damage and ranges.
Increased casting animation speed.
Changed to an expanding wave of healing instead of a projectile. 
Energy drain starts once wave hits allies, not leading up to it.
Whenever Oberon casts Renewal on an ally standing on Hallowed Ground, it activates Iron Renewal, granting an Armor boost for the entire heal process, once healing is complete the Armor Boost is on a timer.
Renewal doesn't stop healing when the target ally is at full Health. It will continue to heal as long as it is active.
Enemies with a Radiation Status Chance will now take bonus damage from Reckoning.
Enemies standing on Hallowed Ground will receive Armor debuffs (affected by Strength).
Increased Primary fire damage from 20 to 30.
Increased Status Chance of Primary fire from 10% to 30%.
Increased Secondary fire damage from 120 to 150.
Increased critical hit chance of Secondary fire from 22% to 35%.
Tweaked Oberon's abilities to reflect his changes in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of the Javlok in Conclave.
Bursas will now drop the items from their 'hacked' drop tables immediately after being hacked rather than when they die after being hacked so that players do not need to stick around until their life timer expires.
Maroo's prompt will now always overlap players' shop prompt in Maroo's Bazaar.
Grineer Shield Dargyns now only spawn in level 20+ missions as players with low level Archwing gear can't penetrate their Shields effectively.
Tweaked the Jordas Verdict node position in the Star Chart UI so it's not so tight against the Golem Assassination node.
Removed infinite Ammo in Captura. Ammo is now automatically refilled when you run out so you can reload clips.
Optimized memory use when viewing Clan statistics; in bad cases this could use enough memory to crash 32-bit systems.
Lots of various sound tweaks to Corpus enemy types.
Weapons that use Batteries as clips will now be affected by Reload Speed Mods.
Archwing weapons will now display the correct Recharge delay time as Reload in the Arsenal as opposed to some value which has no effect on the weapon.
Archwing weapons will no longer reset Recharge delay upon firing an empty clip.
Kuva Siphon missions must now be fully completed to earn any Kuva from it.

### Fixes
Fixed the second & third Jordas Verdict missions pointing at the wrong Resource drop table.
Fixed Clients occasionally not seeing the blue bubble FX coming from the vaporizers in the Jordas Verdict.
Fixed sporadic elevator movement for Clients in stage 2 of the Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed Elemental combination discrepancies between the Arsenal UI and in-game numbers for some Riven Mods.
Fixed Limbo's Banish & Rift Surge abilities getting stuck timers if the enemy explodes itself (e.g. Volatile Runners).
Fixed HUD buff indicators causing a script error when using Transference. 
Fixed beam weapons inside Stasis hitting enemies outside of Limbo's Rift.
Fixed the Telos Boltace spin attack slowing down the user and allies.
Fixed Host/Client Damage value discrepancies when using the Tenora's Alt Fire on Grineer Earth tileset enemies.
Fixed Bursas being unhackable after dying while attempting to hack.
Fixed scrolling down on the Alt-Fire stats in the Arsenal resulting in the next weapon's stats appear scrolled down as well.
Fixed improper mention of 'Liset' when receiving a message from the ship's systems about your Kubrow dying.
Fixed Chroma's Vex Armor unmodded Damage multiplier ability stat displaying 100% higher than it should've.
Fixed missing sound on Chroma's Noble animation idle.
Fixed grey texture outlines appearing on the Hydroid Immortal Skin when attempting to color it fully black. 
Fixed poor Drone navigation paths in the Corpus Outpost tileset. 
Fixed some Assassination missions not having a proper "Locate:" objective subtitle.
Fixed a script error when attempting to purchase weapons from the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed Lotus congratulating you on your un-true Grand Master status as per:

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.4
**Date:** 2017-04-20T20:57:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Sorties with "dense fog" will now always take place during the night.
Dark Sector nodes Coba and Tikal will now always take place during the night. 
Updated Zenith's description to better explain its functionality.

### Fixes
Fixed a script error possibly related to when the Zenistar disk is launched but the player dies before it is recalled. 
Fixed new Augments released in Update 20.2.0 (Pyroclastic Flow, Piercing Navigator, Negation Swarm, and Beguiling Lantern) not appearing in Codex and not able to be linked in chat. 
Fixed Equinox's front cloths from clipping. 
Fixed "dense fog" condition in Sorties not being dense or foggy enough as per:
Fixed the Redeemer not properly alerting enemies when fired. 
Fixed clients not able to bring their Companions in or out of the Rift when they dash as Limbo. 
Fixed Titania's passive description appearing in Limbo's. 
Fixed Octavia's Resonator sitting still and not interacting with Mallet if cast in an unreachable location. 
Fixed a script error. 
Fixed Mallet damage originating from where it was spawned instead of where it currently is.
Fixed Relic reward screen in Endless Fissure missions not updating after each round with the most recent Relic picked by each Squad member. 
Fixed Itzal Fighter Escorts causing camera issues.
Fixed minor graphical error on loading screen.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.3
**Date:** 2017-04-19T22:08:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added a toggle 'Advance Time' button to Captura.
Added drop-down menu option for various slow motion speed settings for Captura.

### Changes
Fixed an issue where Chroma would deal no damage with Vex Armor active. While this may sound like a simple fix, if you're a Chroma user please read on!
Solving Vex Armor actually takes as back to Chroma's beginning.
On original power creation, we used some less-than-ideal calculation methods to create Scorn and Fury's effects.
If you are an avid Chroma user, you probably know the power maximizing this ability brings.
At some point in Chroma's future we will need to revisit and use ideal methods for his Abilities; we will inform you well in advance when Chroma is under review.
As you may or may not know, Oberon is currently under review at this time!
Updated the Ability screen and HUD buff numbers to be consistent with other powers. Functionally they remain exactly the same; they just start at 0% instead of 100%.
Cataclysm now deals different amount of damage over the time it exists: 25% Damage when bubble is full size, 100% at its smallest size.
Cataclysm damage scaling now uses average Health + Shield instead of total Health + Shield of enemies within.
Nyx's Assimilate Augment for Absorb no longer Absorbs Friendly Fire.
Fixed a bug that would cause Banshee's Silence to last longer depending on your frame-rate (approximately 5% longer at 60 FPS, 30% longer at 30 FPS).
Buffed Silence's base Duration to 10/15/20/30 (20% at max rank) which now matches Sonar so you can cast them in tandem.
Trading Platinum while having free Platinum will now display a tip that free Platinum cannot be traded.
Companion silhouettes no longer show in Captura.
Friendly Archwing markers, Atlas, Rhino, Valkyr's custom HUD and Inaros' resurrect HUD are now affected by the HUD scaling sliders in the Interface options.
Moved a Kuria to a reachable area in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Tweaked the Synoid Gammacor's force feedback to be more consistent when using a controller.
Reduced the Rift Stasis weight of the Mutalist Quanta stackable projectile.
Removed the ability to friend yourself.
Removed the settings buttons on the lower right screen when adjusting the HUD margins. This was causing players to think they were setting the HUD margins to 'Default' when they were actually changing their settings to 'Default'.
Removed the Anasa Ayatan Sculpture from the Codex because currently there is no way to scan it.
Changed the Kavat icons on Mission Progress, End of Mission and Last Mission results to consistently show your Kavat's face (like the Arsenal); Pablo claims this is because they have personality.
Added texture-streaming prefetch-hints to for your loadout so that the Mission Progress and End of Mission screens can appear faster.
Octavia's Metronome cloak ends in if you fire/cast ability/take a pickup in Conclave.
Reduced the collision size of the Javlok primary fire projectile in Conclave.
Reduced the duration of Octavia's Metronome in Conclave.
Reduced the damage reduction of Trinity's Link in Conclave.
Fixed an issue with the Azima and Zenith doing more damage than intended in Conclave.

### Fixes
Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.3
Fixed a very popular crash on 32-bit systems that would occur if a Client with a poor network connection left a Defense mission without the team.
Fixed Tellurium not dropping on Submersible nodes.
Fixed the display of Riven Disposition for a handful of weapons
the Rivens themselves remain unchanged.
Fixed issues with the Teplo Syandana being too stiff.
Fixed performance issues after blasting the door open in Fortress Assault missions.
Fixed some rare performance issues when teleporting far away from your Sentinel.
Fixed Vauban's Vortex not affecting ragdolled enemies.
Fixed NPCs spawning in view during the Law of Retribution mission 2.
Fixed some cases where Octavia Resonator would get stuck trying to grab a Mallet it couldn't reach.
Fixed remaining Interception Archwing enemies appearing as yellow objective markers instead of red enemy markers.
Fixed oversized waypoint letters for Archwing Interception communication towers.
Fixed the generic marker FX being a broken texture.
Fixed being unable to invite players to a Dojo if the session is not created at Navigation.
Fixed lag causing out of sync playback when first loading up the Mandachord in the Arsenal.
Fixed hitscan weapons like Soma Prime hitting enemies outside of the rift upon deactivation of Limbo's Stasis.
Fixed continuous weapons (Ignis, etc) receiving extreme Range when used with Limbo's Stasis.
Fixed not being able to press the Warframe specific option in Appearance submenu of Arsenal (Mandachord for Bard, Metamorphosis for Equinox etc...) when Arsenal is opened by Operator.
Fixed the UI freezing when entering the Arsenal with your Operator.
Fixed Infested Runners/Crawlers missing the Acid Shells FX when killed
Fixed combo counters staying on screen during free cam in Captura.
Fixed aim-gliding FX temporarily overriding other FXs in Captura.
Fixed spamming Transference causing the Operator to fall through the world in Captura Scenes.
Fixed enemies in Captura knowing/shooting at where you are even when you're cloaked/invisible.
Fixed rewards hidden until End Of Mission being missing from previous mission results.
Fixed Reactant count not resetting in endless Void Fissure missions when selecting a Relic after having none.
Fixed idling at the activation point on Kuva Fortress Defense not auto-starting the Defense waves.
Fixed Kuva Fortress security cameras being invisible when not looking directly at them.
Fixed Operator Void Dashing while grabbing a ledge leaving you in a state of Void Dash costing no Energy.
Fixed being able to Void Dash at an unintended moment during The War Within quest.
Fixed Channeling projectors not showing up on the Edo Prime Chest Armor.
Fixed Tethra's Doom Regalia FX appearing in Sniper scopes.
Fixed the Dual Raza appearing tiny when using the Dual Swords Cyskis Skin.
Fixed the Ripkas appearing inside Octavia's hands.
Fixed some screens not showing Clan/Alliance emblems properly.
Fixed Vor's Prize Inbox Message and Quest Completion screen overlapping each other.
Fixed inconsistent alternate Skins naming (Prisma Gorgon is now Gorgon Prisma etc).
Fixed issues with players being forcefully extracted from The Jordas Golem during the Jordas Verdict trial.
Fixed HUD buffs trying to show 1,000,000 as 1e+03K instead of 1M (e.g. Nyx Absorb when full).
Fixed Dendra Shoulder Guards sticking out too far on Rhino's left arm.
Fixed an issue with the Ignis Wraith Research being available for unqualified clans. Any clans with this will have it removed following a script. 4/20/2017 Update: The Script has been run and 1644 Clans have had the unearned research removed.
Fixed texture streaming for some icons starting more blurry than intended and taking extra time to focus.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.2
**Date:** 2017-04-13T19:58:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.2:
Changed Duplicates tab to have every instance of a Mod type. Before it would skip past the first Mod of a type if it was upgraded or a raw stack of 1.
Companions are now invincible in Captura. 
You now have infinite Ammo in Captura.

### Fixes
Fixed Gear Wheel icons taking an inordinate amount of time to load in during gameplay. 
Fixed the Mods list not scrolling properly as per: 
Fixed camera collision for Operator in Captura.
Fixed Ratel's appearing in the Hyena boss cinematic if they spawned at the same time. 
Fixed areas in the Grineer Forest tileset terrain where certain Warframe abilities would not function correctly (Nidus' Virulence for example).
Fixed a large amount of particles exploding when leaving Limbo's Cataclysm.
Fixed some UI anchor points not taking menu scale into account. 
Fixed being able to multi-purchase Syndicate items that don't need to be purchased more than once (Simulacrum Access Key, etc). 
Fixed various clipping issues with the Centuria Syandana. 
Fixed using a controller in Steam Big Picture to view Mandachord songs displaying a string of text beside the song named.
Fixed quest marker/dialogue appearing in Suda's Datascape Scene.
Fixed Chroma's Effigy sometimes not doing anything in Captura.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.1
**Date:** 2017-04-12T22:06:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.2.1:

### Fixes
Fixed Ivara's Piercing Navigator Augment being marked as an Exilus Mod.
Fixed possible minor performance issue when a Drahk Master steals your weapon.
Fixed another rare crash when joining a mission in progress.
Fixed alignment of right side transmissions on ultra-wide resolutions.
Fixed not being able to redeem any Syndicate Medallions. 
Fixed various translation errors. 
Fixed Frame Rate box sizing so that it only scales when both window width and height are increased. 
Fixed enemies being permanently stunned after parrying their melee attacks. 
Fixed a texture related crash.
Fixed Lua Caches inverting reward-tier ordering leftover from the time of Void Keys. To keep things consistent, please note Octavia parts can still be found in the first Cache. 
Fixed Alerts and other real time missions missing from the World State Window when viewing the Star Chart in the Relays. 
Fixed a crash related to when projectiles from certain weapons are released as Limbo's Stasis is deactivated. 
Fixed projectiles from certain weapons not doing damage when they're released in Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed Operator not being able to toggle the camera settings in Captura.
Fixed Dojo Decoration material elements not updating when the contribution counter changes.
Fixed a game freeze when viewing certain enemies in the Codex. 
Fixed an issue where linking Songs in chat wouldn't open properly if another menu was open.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.2.0
**Date:** 2017-04-12T18:04:21Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20.2.0:
'Full' Menu Scale scales to match your resolution.
'Legacy' Menu Scale will appear similar to pre Update 20 except diegetic screens(Mods, Foundry, etc) scale as well. You will only see the difference in resolutions larger than 1080p.
'Custom' Menu Scale is set and determined by you.
The Furis has received an updated look and given the PBR treatment! 
You can now replay The New Strange quest! As with other replayable quests, completion rewards are not given
enjoy the lore! 
Tweaked rewards for Caches in Void Sabotage missions so that the harder mission is more rewarding overall.
Quests that you are viewing to replay will now show the rewards as 'acquired' as you will not receive them again by replying the quest. 
Captura controls list now use more of the screen space on larger resolutions.
Changed open door light material in the Grineer Sealab tileset to green instead of orange.
Locked doors will now appear as 'off' (no color) instead of glowing red. This was causing confusion for colorblind players.
Removed Cold damage over time in the Corpus Ice Planet Defense tileset. 
Removed requirement to go back to the Liset between some early stages of The New Strange if playing from the Relay.
Removed reticle scale based on spread.
Entering Limbo's Rift now removes shields. Exiting the Rift starts the Shield recharge delay timer.
Fixed Limbo's Rift Surge not transferring to players outside of the Rift.

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash that occurred when playing The New Strange quest. 
Fixed being unable to pick a Relic for the next Endless Void Fissure round if a Host migration occurs during the Reward Selection screen.
Fixed Nezha's Warding Grace Augment not ending when all Energy has been consumed.
Fixed Octavia's ability FX and music continuing indefinitely if cast before a Host migration. 
Fixed Clients hearing the Octavia Host bass and drum track from their Mandachord song after a Host migration.
Fixed Ash being able to insta-kill the Juggernaut by doing a finisher. Finishers are unable to be performed on the Juggernaut/Juggernaut Behemoth. 
Fixed trading for the Ignis Wraith Blueprint resulting in having the Ignis Wraith Research in an unqualified Dojo.
Fixed Captura input filters conflicting with Warframe Abilities input filters (for ex. you could not use Mesa's Peacemaker and then toggle the camera, now you can!).
Fixed Arsenal changes not being saved when loading up a Captura Scene from the Arsenal.
Fixed Chroma's Idle animation not breathing actual fire. 
Fix a potential case where Challenge progress (Achievements, Junction tasks) may not be updated under high latency conditions.
Fixed Zenistar Charge attacks increasing the attack speed when equipped with the Dominion Skin. 
Fixed a Vaulted Relic being rewarded as Daily Tribute. 
Fixed the collision of Defense targets in Defense and Mobile Defense missions being rotated for Clients relative to the mesh.
Potential fix for Clients not seeing Interception UI after a Host migration.
Fixed Chroma's Dynasty Skin loincloth lingering with the pelt instead of his undersuit when casting Effigy. 
Fixed the Riv Elite Leg Guard sitting incorrectly on Excalibur. 
Fixed a hitch that occurs when another player joins a relay or Dojo. 
Fixed pets bending their necks awkwardly to look up when in the Arsenal. They will now look forward when in the Arsenal. 
Fixed interacting with your Kubrow/Kavat in the Helminth Infirmary causing the door to close/remain closed on you.
Fixed the Dex Nouchali Syandana clipping on Rhino and Chroma.
Fixed the Ripkas not attaching properly to Chroma's Dynasty Skin
Fixed the Spitefire Graxx Syandana floating a bit on Valkyr Prime with the Gersemi or Graxx Skin. 
Fixed Phorid visually flickering when approached. 
Fixed Limbo's FX lingering when attempting to fade out during Statis. 
Fixed being able to go through physical obstacles by spamming Transference.
Fixed Transferring to the Operator causing a script error.
Fixed Octavia's Amp causing a script error.
Fixed the objective marker in the 'Talk to Simaris' stage of Octavia's Anthem directing you to Darvo instead of Simaris. 
Fixed total Defense time not being spread evenly between Defense targets in the Asteroid Mobile Defense mission which includes the cryopod (mission is slightly shorter now).
Fixed offset selectable zones in the Syndicate World State Window. 
Fixed missing/double Transmissions in the first mission of The New Strange.
Fixed "" appearing instead of the exclamation mark icon when in the Mandachord screen in French and German. 
Fixed long usernames appearing split up into multiple lines in the squad UI.
Fixed the Arsenal Configuration screen text extending beyond designated boundaries.
Fixed the Sari Syandana not closing when on the Landing Craft.
Fixed the Sari Syandana not closing when aiming.
Fixed Baro Chat emoji not using emoji color from Settings.
Fixed various localization errors.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.1.1
**Date:** 2017-04-07T19:15:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.1.1:
Reduced Sonicor Clip to 8.
Reduced Miter Clip to 10.
Reduced Panthera damage and Clip.
Re-enabled PhysX Effects for the very latest NVidia drivers (381.65, released April 6th) as they seem to have fixed the memory leak discussed here:
Enabled IPv6 for some servers to resolve login issues in certain regions; we do not anticipate this causing any problems as we've been testing for months as discussed here:
Significantly reduced load-times for slower systems running DirectX 11 (Note: consider Optimizing your Cache under the Launcher Settings for even more speed!).
Attempted to improve Graphics Card detection in the launcher after some people reported their card becoming "unsupported" after updating their drivers.
Reduced hitches caused by loading Mandachord songs in the Relay/Dojo.
Disabled the minimap at certain times during The War Within quest as intended.
Fomorians & Razorbacks now use the Tactical Alert format in the World State Window.
Updated the Mandachord art & added some optimization improvements.

### Fixes
Fixed Captura camera bugging after going into free cam mode with Operator and then transferring from Operator to Warframe.
Fixed Clan rank calculation which sometimes would not include the Affinity from decorations in a duplicate room.
Fixed a nasty memory-corruption bug that would lead to crashes in the strangest places. 
Fixed Nodes and extra buttons showing after completing a Junction. 
Fixed a UI bug caused by host migration in Sorties.
Fixed various localization issues.
Fixed inconsistencies with upper and lower case in Sortie descriptions. 
Fixed dimensions on the Stratos emblem icon.
Fixed a Void Rift not spawning in Lua Spy.
Fixed timer and extraction transmission being out of sync on Mobile Defense. 
Fixed a bug in endless Fissure missions that would prevent selecting a Relic if a host migration occurred. 
Fixed hud & mini-map markers not always pathing correctly in some Archwing missions.
Fixed the Baro FX showing behind the Provvok Shoulder Guard.
Fixed pausing and unpausing the game causing Octavia music to not start back at the paused position.
Fixed players showing as "ghost Excalibur" in the dojo if they load in and don't move.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20.1.0
**Date:** 2017-04-05T21:08:26Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Accelerated the Grineer/Corpus Invasion schedule. Downtime between attacks is now 12-24 hours instead of 24-48. 
Increased the amount of Construction Progress earned when an invading faction raids an opponent's node.
Invasions now advertise which mission type you'll be running for each faction when you hover over the Star Chart node and when choosing a mission from the Invasion screen.
Fixed attacker/defender missions not cycling every 15 minutes as they were intended to do since Update 19.
Mirage abilities now see the light more often than they used to. Previously, Mirage's Eclipse would feel inconsistent when running through levels while going in and out of lit areas. This change will allow Eclipse to deal heavier damage as it will see light more often, but also increases Prism's damage and range by 15-20% average, as it too is affected by light!
Increased Frost's Avalanche range in Conclave.
Reduced Mag's Crush range in Conclave.
Removed the Impair debuff from Mag's Crush in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of the Snipetron Vandal in Conclave.
Reload While Holstered Mods can no longer be used with AOE weapons in Conclave.
Increased Flight Speed Mods can no longer be used with AOE weapons in Conclave.
Reduced AOE range of Miter with the Thundermiter Mod from 2.5 to 2m in Conclave.
Increased Nezha's Divine Spears range in Conclave
Fixed the Lunaro HUD not scaling to the screen.
Fixed an issue with the Restore Health on Kill and Restore Shields on Kill Conclave Mods not activating correctly and added HUD buff icons to show when they are active.
Added a Range indicator effect on Mag's Crush.
Valana should now be hooked up properly (3rd time is the charm!)
Octavia now has a volume slider so you can turn off other Octavias in Options->Audio.
Disabled lockdowns on the first mission of the Octavia's Anthem quest. Lockdowns were causing pathing issues for the music trail.
Made improvements to the music note navigation in Octavia's Anthem quest.
Adjusted Buzlok's +50% crit chance with Beacon attached to Additive instead of Multiplicative as intended
Kuva Jesters now take normal ability damage (not CC damage) when attached to either the Kuva Guardian or you.

### Fixes
Chroma Dynasty Glyph is also available!
Fixed a popular crash that could result from corrupted downloads.
Fixed rewards changing if a Host migration takes place during an endless Void Fissure mission.
Fixed being unable to pick a Relic for next round during an endless Void Fissure mission, if a Host migration occurs during the Reward Selection screen.
Fixed a case where Valkyr can get stuck in Hysteria.
Fixed Valkyr continuing to have her Talons equipped after Hysteria is deactivated if a player was joining the game while the ability was being activated.
Fixed Nikana weapons not being able to stealth-finish Infested Chargers.
Fixed the initial spin attack pull of the Telos Boltace pulling enemies through the Rift.
Fixed wonky ground textures in the Corpus Outpost Defense tileset.
Fixed Cysts not appearing properly on Octavia.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet staying behind in the Simulacrum if you cast it and then use the Arsenal.
Fixed volume sliders in Mandachord lerping linearly instead of exponentially.
Fixed Vaulted Prime Warframes have "limited time" text overlapping item descriptions.
Fixed the Kuva Fortress appearing black in the Starchart if you have Dynamic Lighting disabled.
Fixed Kuva Guardians sometimes appearing invisible in-mission.
Fixed being able to kill non-participants in the Dojo Dueling room. 
Fixed Clan-chat moderators text showing in purple in Dojos; they will not lurk with stealthy kicks the same as they do in Clan chat.
Fixed a script error when viewing holster selection when you've purchase more than one position in the list.
Fixed a script error when casting Mirage's Prism.
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Charge.
Fixed random volume changes that would occur while playing bard emote songs
Fixed enemies attacking each other in MR7 Test. They will now properly spawn in succession instead of together. 
Fixed cases where dioramas with very long descriptions would clip offscreen on larger resolutions
Fixed being unable to select items in chat with a chat scale greater than 100

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.9
**Date:** 2017-04-03T21:18:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.9:
In the event of server connection failure at End of Mission (i.e. Hotfixes, sudden server disconnection, etc) the 'Abort Inventory Update' button will appear 5 seconds AFTER the failure occurs to prevent you unintentionally hitting it while mashing buttons. 
Disabled PhysX effects for drivers newer than 373.06. Please see our detailed Developer Workshop for more information:
If a tie occurs for first place in the Law of Retribution leaderboards, the team who earned their score first is now listed first for the all-time leaderboards.
Improved text alignment of the Captura camera controls.
Tweaked the Abilities screen for Mirage's Eclipse and Rhino's Roar to show damage increase and reduction as a % to match the formatting of the HUD indicator in-game.
Rounded the buff % for Mirage's Eclipse on the HUD to avoid overlapping adjacent buff indicators.
Removed Kuva Dargyn's from the Simulacrum.
Removed the Rank numbers displaying for 'Recent Players'.

### Fixes
Fixed performance issues when Octavia's Resonator has a Mallet attached to it and teleports to get closer to her.
Fixed a common game freeze. 
Fixed Nezha's Warding Halo Augment applying to Octavia's Mallet and Resonator.
Fixed Clients able to kill and ragdoll Capture Targets into infinity (and possibly beyond).
Fixed not being able to use Codex/Simaris Scanner on targets that are affected by Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed Chroma's Spectral Scream idle animation not playing the hunch over animation.
Fixed the Mandachord unpausing despite saying it's still paused when using the save or load song options.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize visuals appearing larger than the actual attractor radius when applied to certain enemies (e.g. Bombards).
Fixed a spot loading issue when loading custom Mandachord Songs.
Fixed being downed when attempting to revive another player resulting in being stuck in a downed state.
Fixed Law of Retribution improperly reporting leaderboard times. 
Fixed the Ferrox research not having a Clan Affinity value in the Dojo.
Fixed elemental Status FX lingering on enemies killed in Limbo's Stasis causing performance issues. 
Fixed custom energy color on the Helminth Charger not being very noticeable. 
Fixed the Hulta Leg Guards clipping through Octavia's legs. 
Fixed clipping issues with the Dex Nouchali Syandana on the Frost Harka Skin.
Fixed a misplaced decoration in the Corpus Ship tileset.
Fixed Clients not seeing the Lunaro ball explosion/timer FX.
Fixed Lunaro round timer starting at 2:59 instead of 3:00.
Fixed sometimes ending up with an extra player in Conclave.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.8
**Date:** 2017-03-30T21:56:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.8:
In order to maintain performance we have tweaked the max number of Tonkor projectiles Limbo can create in Stasis to 25 and the max number of Staticor projectiles to 10 before Stasis becomes unstable and closes. 
Panthera Primary Fire Critical Chance adjusted to 10% as intended.
Simulor now correctly displays 2% Critical Chance and 30% Status Chance in the Arsenal.
Synoid Simulor now correctly displays 5% Critical Chance and 35% Status Chance in the Arsenal. 
Notifications for real-time missions will no longer show when playing through Vor's Prize.
The range of Octavia's Mallet is now visible to others in Conclave. 
Reduced the size of the Bullet Attractor attached to Octavia's Mallet in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed Maroo telling you she had an Ayatan Hunt mission for you but survey said that was a lie.
Fixed the Mandachord puzzle UI in Octavia's Anthem quest having unclickable notes in fullscreen 4:3 resolutions.
Fixed not being able to Duel in the Dojo.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet sometimes not clearing its ability timer for Clients.
Fixed Octavia's Amp not removing the Melee damage bonus.
Fixed Gear items being consumed when used in Captura or the Simulacrum. 
Fixed entering Captura making your next trip to the Relay spawn you in front of the Simulacrum.
Fixed the Hind's Alt fire not producing bullet holes when fired at the wall.
Fixed the Liset flying through a massive rock when extracting from the Kuva Fortress.
Fixed the Operator being able to use Void abilities (without any FX) while Lotus is speaking during The War Within.
Fixed the Operator having two sceptres at the end of The War Within quest.
Fixed real-time missions (Alerts, Invasions, goals, etc) being displayed to players who have yet to complete Vor's Prize. 
Fixed geometry issue where players could get stuck under the stairs in the Orokin Derelict.
Fixed being unable to bind controls to the key that is currently bound to the Captura control toggling.
Fixed Ergo's Boardroom Scene showing a quest marker for Glast Gambit.
Fixed a river in the Earth tileset missing water textures.
Fixed an incorrectly placed shadow in the Orokin Derelict tileset.
Fixed a rare crash from starting a mission with a beam style weapon (Atomos, Spectra, etc).

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.7
**Date:** 2017-03-30T19:04:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.7:
Added LITH V2 RELIC, LITH N2 RELIC, LITH S5 RELIC, and LITH V3 RELICs to Orokin Derelict Survival rotation A and slightly increased Endo reward amount.
The Valana Ayatan Sculpture can now also be found in Maroo's weekly Ayatan hunt mission.
Improved the performance of Octavia's Metronome ability. 
Removed 'damage' and reworded the description of Limbos Rift Surge to better describe the mechanic.

### Fixes
Fixed Limbo's 'Haven' Banish Augment not healing allies as intended.
Fixed Limbo being able to briefly use objects while inside Cataclysm by dashing and pressing the context action.
Fixed the Caustacyst's Corrosive acid projectiles not pausing in Limbo's Stasis. 
Fixed the Caustacyst's Corrosive acid projectiles from Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones not being inside Limbo's Rift when cast and not being affected by the Rift Stasis mechanic.
Fixed the Quanta's Alt fire producing a split second beam when used in Limbo's Stasis.
Fixed a crash when firing the Ignis while in Limbo's Stasis.
Fixed Denial Bursa and Pelna Cade's slow orb effect lingering indefinitely even if the orb despawns.
Fixed Loki's Radial Disarm not properly affecting Sentients in the Octavia's Anthem quest.
Fixed the Mastery Rank 19 Test sometimes failing immediately upon load-in.
Fixed ragdolled Nullifiers creating a bubble that does nothing when ragdolled.
Fixed having to relog between stages in Vor's Prize.
Fixed a mini Excalibur mesh showing over top of the Operator in The War Within missions.
Fixed the Mucusk Syandana not sitting properly on Nyx and any of her Skins.
Fixed (for real this time) Chroma's Effigy appearing as a full Chroma instead of his pelt.
Fixed a script error when casting Ash's Bladestorm
Fixed a script error when casting Limbo's Banish.
Fixed a script error when casting Volt's Speed.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.6
**Date:** 2017-03-29T21:11:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.6:
All Helminth Chargers bred before Update 20 had the same default color scheme (pink/orange) that was originally only meant as their eye color. As a result, Chargers bred before Update 20, who currently do not have custom colors, have had their default colors rerolled to something new!
Void Trace Alerts will now grant 20 Traces instead of 10 Traces.
Instrument Packs now also reward +1 Song Slot for each owned/purchased. This is retroactive as well, so you should see more Song Slots appear if you've bought any Mandachord Instrument Packs!
Tonkor's projectile will now start with no lens flare visible and activate when Arming Distance is reached.
Adjusted the Nullifier Projector Drone hitbox to make it slightly easier to hit the drone while the Nullifier is facing perpendicular to you.
Fixed the Nullifier Crewman bubble hitbox being slightly bigger than the visual bubble when shrinking. This made it nearly impossible to hit the Projector Drone when the bubble has been recently damaged.
Setting the Instrument volume in Mandachord sliders to "off" will now completely mute the sound.
UI opening sounds will no longer play during the docking Relay cinematic and after you spawn.
Removed FOV "pop" when spawning into the Relay.
Made improvements to Octavia's Idle animation that had some bad blending.
Improved the Tenora's reload animation by tweaking the clip to now spawn and drop to the floor.
Increased the timing accuracy of Octavia's Mandachord notes.
Tightened up the visuals of the Nullifier further so the size of the visual bubble always matches the largest physical collision size.
Added Energy color option for the Helminth Charger customizations in Arsenal.
Added "BR" acronym next to the Portuguese language option selector in the Launcher to indicate Brazilian dialect.
Made minor updates to Braton Prime's sound remaster.
Improved Reticle resolution for players using 4K compatible monitors.
Added chat moderation for Dojo chat channels.
When Platinum amount changes in the Trade window, it will be indicated by a green arrow (to indicate an increase) or a red arrow (to indicate a decrease) next to the Platinum amount to highlight the change:
If a player attempts to trade all of their Platinum, a confirmation window will appear indicating that they are trading all their Platinum.
There is now a 3 second countdown before the final trade confirmation can be made.
Limbo does not receive Energy Regen while in the Rift.
Limbo's Banish can be cast without a target.

### Fixes
Fixed Kuva Siphons pointing in the opposite direction of the incoming Kuva.
Fixed the Isolator Bursa version of the Nullifier (the one that shoots as a projectile) not functioning properly.
Fixed the Arsenal displaying incorrect stats for the Crit Chance of the Miter's charged projectiles.
Fixed issues with Rathuum nodes being selected for Sorties.
Fixed Octavia's ability music not being synchronized between Client/Host.
Fixed extraction marker appearing for Clients in extraction regardless of if the required number of enemies have been killed.
Fixed not being able to use the Mandachord when near placeable decorations in the Landing Craft.
Fixed Octavia's Resonator rollerball getting stuck on environment objects.
Fixed Grineer Forest day/night applying night lightmap tints to the Orokin Void interior tiles.
Fixed Kuva Jester animations looking stretched.
Fixed missing walk animations for Combas with a shield equipped.
Fixed broken/missing floor meshes in the Corpus Ship tileset (including Corpus Captura Scenes).
Fixed Clients seeing damage numbers on dead bodies.
Fixed long-term players who chose to skip Vor's Prize not being able to see in-game news or events in the Navigation console.
Fixed a crash in the Dojo.
Fixed a join-in-progress crash.
Fixed script error when playing Solo.
Fixed script error when trying to select an Alert or Syndicate Alert from the World State Window on a node that has an active quest.
Fixed distorted and blocked textures in Infested Elevator in The Jordas Verdict.
Fixed an issue with Gear being consumed from your Inventory as they would in-mission if used in the Simulacrum or Captura.
Fixed Octavia's emote music at times suddenly changing volume in the Relay and Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed lighting issues on Void tilesets.
Fixed an issue with Comba units inside Limbo's Cataclysm continuously trying to pull players out of the Rift. Fog/Sap Combas should now properly nullify abilities even if they have a different Rift status than the player. Slo/Nul Combas still need to have the same Rift status as the player to affect them
Fixed players getting trapped behind doors during lockdown in the Infested Ship tileset due to a missing hacking Console.
Fixed Warframe Melee attacking in the opposite direction away from the Toggle Free Camera when using the Advance Time function in Captura. 
Fixed missing descriptions for Instrument Packs in the Market.
Fixed Warframes maintaining their walking/running momentum and sliding awkwardly when using the Advance Time function in Captura.
Fixed the Little Helper Hat attachment awkwardly positioned inside of the Helminth Charger's head and neck.
Fixed Player List HUD display for abilities with decreasing timer buffs (Rhino's Roar for example) not counting down on affected Squad members. 
Fixed Players invited to Dojo being unable to chat.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.5
**Date:** 2017-03-28T16:06:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.5:
Nullifier shield drones can now take Critical damage
please note this was intended on release but turned out to not work properly. This should do the trick. 
Improved the FX of Octavia's Metronome ability when running around.

### Fixes
Fixed Survival missions not giving out rewards past the 5 minutes.
Fixed being unable to progress in the Limbo Theorem quest due to the wrong mission type being used (Exterminate vs. proper Excavation). 
Fixed being unable to solve some Lua Spy puzzles.
Fixed enemies rotating to face targets while under the effects of Limbo's Stasis ability.
Fixed Miter charged projectiles not having their proper Punch-Through.
Fixed incorrect Riven Mod stats when linked in Chat.
Fixed various translations errors.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.4
**Date:** 2017-03-27T21:42:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added more caches to Lua and added better lighting to some existing caches.

### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.4:
Sentients no longer drop rewards in the Octavia's Anthem quest as the Replay feature created a scenario where items could be gathered endlessly in forced conditions. 
Increased the time between Telos Boltace's slides from 6 to 8 seconds. This means after doing first slide attack you now have 8 seconds to do the next slide that does the radial blast+damage.
Improved the spawn chances of the Lua puzzle rooms.
Added 100 Impact damage to the Telos Boltace Stormpath attack.
Returned the Dread's charged shot to 20% status chance as intended.
Mandachord Song names can no longer include ',' or ':' due to linking errors in chat.
Channeling FX's will now be visible on certain Armor and Syandanas.
Reduced the damage of the Pandero in Conclave.
Added 20 Impact damage to the Stormpath attack of the Telos Boltace in Conclave.
Fixed a Dedicated Server crash when casting Octavia's Metronome.
Fixed a Dedicated Server crash when attempting to select a team.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue being unable to progress in the Octavia's Anthem quest
it would appear as though the Hydraulus was inert and you couldn't interact with any objects. This has been fixed. 
Fixed Excavators not spawning during The Archwing quest. 
Fixed issue with crashes and freezes in Captura mode when activating certain abilities. 
Fixed Syndicate Medallions being invisible. 
Fixed Simulor Orbs not stacking at all. 
Fixed a case of not receiving Orokin Derelict Defense rewards as per:
Fixed Octavia's Amp ability not buffing Melee damage. 
Fixed Octavia pieces missing from Mobile App. 
Fixed a crash when Octavia's Resonator ability is active.
Fixed Octavia's ability song tracks skipping when using Adau Percussion as per: 
Fixed Octavia not playing her music when dancing in Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed a crash related to shooting the Phage inside Limbo's Cataclysm.
Fixed a crash related to enemies dying in the Rift while in Stasis. 
Fixed crash when changing Armor for the Helminth Charger.
Fixed a crash when trying to host a lobby from /invite in Chat if in Solo matchmaking mode.
Fixed a crash when selecting a Mandachord Song link in Chat.
More fixes towards crashing in the Mandachord.
Fixed player's landing craft having the wrong rotation in junctions. 
Fixed Decaying Sentients not appearing in the Codex. 
Fixed Nullifiers not pulling players out of the rift. 
Fixed Riven Mods that make a weapon have a negative total damage causing the weapon to rollover and do incredibly high damage output. 
Fixed the Telos Boltace not functioning properly with Mirage's Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed other player Telos Boltace Stormpaths overriding your own vortex/blast timing.
Fixed some dialogue playing twice in the Octavia's Anthem quest.
Fixed an invisible blocking object beside Interception towers in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed script error that could occur when selling/dissolving mods in mod screen.
Fixed issues with Octavia's Mandachord hitching in certain scenarios.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.3
**Date:** 2017-03-26T09:11:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Removed assassins from Incident Archive 2318-H replay mode.
Removed an unscannable codex entry.

### Fixes
Fixed a variety of random crashes that occurred most frequently at the end of the Octavia's Anthem Quest but would have caused pain and suffering throughout the game.
Fixed Mastery Rank Tests.
Fixed the Mod Fusion screen no longer displaying in-depth stats while upgrading Mods.
Fixed the missing Duplicates category in the Mod screen.
Fixed the Mod screen after selling duplicate mods.
Fixed foggy colored textures in the Earth tileset. 
Fixed the Helminth Charger Codex diorama freezing the game. 
Fixed Clem overlapping Steel Meridian agent in Captura.
Fixed overlapping text on clan details when viewing profile.
Fixed a crash in matchmaking.
Fixed a crash in Archwing missions.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.2
**Date:** 2017-03-24T22:41:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.2:
Updated the Telos Boltace description to match its new mechanics introduced in Update 20.
Removed a misplaced catwalk piece in the Grineer Galleon Defense room.
Tweaked the max number of Pox projectiles Limbo can create in Stasis to 20 before Stasis becomes unstable and closes.

### Fixes
Fixed casting a new Octavia Resonator not attaching to a Mallet if a Resonator is already attached to a Mallet.
Fixed projectile weapons displaying incorrect Arsenal stats as per:
Fixed Mutalist Quanta projectiles not scaling when stacked.
Fixed the Telos Boltace's mechanics not functioning after using/being revived.
Fixed reducing Clan Tier resulting in the Ascension Ceremony breaking. 
Fixed non-Clan members not receiving Ascension Ceremony state when receiving Clan info.
Fixed a crash when non-Clan members visit Solo Clans.
Fixed non-Clan members seeing the required number of participants on the Ascension Altar being the required amount for their own Clan.
Fixed Ascension Altar's transition animation not playing for non-Clan members when the Ascension Ceremony is completed.
Fixed door Sensors not having their laser detectors. 
Fixed unintended added amount of Infested material in The Jordas Verdict phase 1.
Fixed a crash that occurred when joining a mission that was already in progress.
Fixed Chroma's Effigy pelt displaying a full bodied Chroma.
Fixed an amusing but silly looking "slide" that could happen for players if you enter a Dojo dueling room that players are already kneeling in.
Fixed both players getting the prompt to start a Dojo Duel session if they kneel at the same time.
Fixed numerous localization errors.
Fixed Octavia's Mallet not appearing for Clients in Conclave.

## Octavia's Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.1
**Date:** 2017-03-24T21:16:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Hotfix 20.0.1:
Reduced the ambient audio level when using Octavia's abilities.

### Fixes
Fixed the Dread stat UI in the Arsenal unintentionally displaying reduced Crit Chance and Multiplier (back to original values now). Please note this affects almost all projectile based weapons and is solely a UI bug. We are fixing the rest shortly! 
Fixed being able to play the last phase of Octavia's Anthem without completing the quest.
Fixed a crash with the Mandachord.

## Octavia's Anthem: Update 20
**Date:** 2017-03-24T19:46:02Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Out of world leaderboards for Trials now include the 'date achieved' for the all time records. If you need a refresher on where these are, find the links here:
We have also fixed missing Jordas Verdict Leaderboards in game, as well as issues with sorting and emptiness of the Law of Retribution Trials Leaderboards.
Added item name and description to the Gear selection screen.
Added detailed information to Energy/Health/Ammo Restores to tell you how much you'll be getting how often on each burst.
Added drag ability to sliders in the Options screen.
The Latron, Sicarus, and Hikou have all received PBR treatment.
The Furis and Afuris have received the PBR treatment!
Added scrollbar for ability descriptions and stats if they exceed window boundaries.
Added the Anasa Ayatan Sculpture to the Codex so that it may be linked in chat.
Added the ability to sort by Lens type in the Arsenal
Added a new Ayatan Sculpture. The Valana Ayatan Sculpture can be acquired in-world as an addition to the discoverable Ayatan!
To improve performance, added a small delay between each explosion when activating the alt-fire on certain weapons (e.g. Simulor, Penta).
Added an error message and a visual indicator to items that can't be traded when selecting items for trade.
DX11:
Improved multi-monitor support: Warframe should remember which screen was set to fullscreen
Going from windowed to fullscreen should no longer end up with resolution and refresh rate being incorrect
It's finally here! No longer are your Mod Configurations limited to just 'Config A, Config B, Config C'! You can now customize the names of each Config!
When playing an Endless Mission with AABC reward rotation or a mission with hidden Caches, the UI that reveals which reward has been earned has been updated with a new look!
You can now multi-purchase items from Syndicates and Baro Ki' Teer!
You can now exchange Stacks of Prime Parts for Ducats using the Middle Mouse Button (the same feature already exists for selecting a stack of Mods to convert to Endo).
There is now a Research Tab in the Clan Profile Screen!
You can now link your Clan in Chat
anyone looking to recruit should make note of this!
You will now only see categories in your Foundry, Mod, and Inventory screen that have items within.
You can now swap your Loadouts from the Solar Map
Loadout descriptions are now viewable upon being hovered over.
Numbers have been added to the Sanctuary's Practice Mastery Rank Tests so you know which test you're entering for practice of Qualification.
We have Updated the visuals of our Friends and Clan UI pages! Fresh new screenshots await you!
An 'All' category has been added to your Inventory screen, along with a Search bar!
Trading flow improvements have been added! We now have added a final confirmation dialogue for a trade that lists the items being traded and requiring a final confirmation from both sides. i.e. "You are about to trade an Unranked Prime Chamber for 1000 Platinum?" and confirmation by button press or mouse click from both sides before "Trade Completed". This is one last review of the manifest to ensure you're certain of your trade.
Added the ability to click on items in a Player's Trade Menu, opening another screen with more details (much like clicking on a Linked item in Chat). 
By typing /join [name of player] into Chat, you can attempt to join their lobby if no restrictions are in place (Solo, etc).
Added blur to offered item background in trade window to help with readability.
Disposition is now displayed as dots from 1 to 5. This change should remove the confusion caused by the previous "Faint/Neutral/Strong" ratings. A Disposition of 1 is the equivalent of the previous "Faint" Disposition, while a Disposition of 5 is the equivalent of the previous "Strong" Disposition. This change also allows a more accurate rating, with five possibilities instead of the previous three. A weapon's Disposition can be seen in the Arsenal under the "Upgrade" section.
Players on 3, 6, 9 and 12 Kill Streaks are now marked with Tenno Script chevrons. They will show up on the minimap and are worth more Affinity when killed in Conclave.
Recover, Vanquished Prey, Calculated Victory, Recuperate, Momentary Pause and Prize Kill Mods are now available to be purchased from Teshin again!

### Changes
Octavia'S Anthem: Update 20:
Do you hear the music, Tenno? Faint memories of the Mandachord orchestra linger, and Suda wishes you follow it. Do as the Cephalon requests and be rewarded knowledge of an instrument from another time, the Mandachord. But, take caution... following her instructions may lead you down a twisted path...
Visit the Cephalon Suda Enclave in the Relay, and speak to Suda to start the quest. You must have the Second Dream quest completed to do so.
Octavia's Anthem is a replayable quest! If you would like to experience it again, visit your Codex and select "Replay Quest".
Compose her song and then conduct the mighty Mandachord, turning bass, beat and melody into an anthem of devastation.
Get Octavia today by purchasing her in the Market for Platinum, or by completing Octavia's Anthem to get her Blueprint. Her parts can be found in the following ways:
Conduct your very own symphony, Tenno. Octavia's abilities are powered by the Mandachord, a formidable tool used to mix Melody, Bass, and Percussion into a harmony of destruction. Compose a song before entering the battle by going to your Arsenal, selecting the Appearance tab, and hitting the "Mandachord" button.
In this guide, we will be using the Adau Instruments to get you started on composition since they are the default Mandachord Instruments. There are also 4 other Instruments available in the Market for Platinum if you own Octavia:
Alpha Instruments
Beta Instruments
Druk Instruments
Gamma Instruments
Each Instrument is in the same key (D minor Pentatonic), so if you're feeling adventurous try mixing and matching Instruments to create unique compositions.
The Mandachord is comprised of 4 bars which are represented by the numbers 1, 2, 3, and 4 (seen in the background of each bar). Placing one note at the start of each bar is a whole note. Each bar is divided into quarters which are represented by the vertical lines. The tempo is set to 120 beats per minute, meaning each bar is 2 seconds long, and each slot is a 16th note.
The fastest way to start your composition is to tackle the Percussion track first! Using the Adau Instruments, place the outer drum sound on every quarter note, the second drum sound on the first note of the first bar, and the third drum sound in the third slot of every quarter:
Spoiler
Spoiler
You will notice the pitch rises as you move towards the outer ring of the Mandachord. Each Instrument works this way, enabling your notes to sound at the same pitch with different Instruments. Other Instruments have different bass-only sounds for this section as well, so feel free to experiment.
Spoiler
You can also form chords by placing notes together on the same beat!
Spoiler
Spoiler
Spoiler
Try maintaining the same Percussion throughout your composition.
Start off by playing the lowest notes for the Bass in the first bar, and then increasing their pitch in each subsequent bar. Do the same for the Melody section. The key to getting good results is to slightly change the notes that are playing from bar to bar.
There are composition note limits:
The Bass track has a 16 note limit per composition.
The Melody track has a 16 note limit per composition.
The Percussion track has a 26 note limit per composition.
Use the "Volume Mixer" to adjust the volume for each track.
Use "Track Isolation" to toggle each track on and off.
Use "Reload" to revert any new changes back to the original selected/saved song.
Don't forget to save your compositions into a song slot. You can save a total of 5 songs!
Use "Load Song" to select one of your custom songs or one of the default Instrument songs to load into the Mandachord.
In order to send and receive songs, you must own Octavia.
Typing [Song] in chat will bring up a list of your saved songs to chose from. Hovering your cursor over a song will play it for easy selection:
Spoiler
Once you have selected a song to share, a link with its title will appear in chat for others to save. Clicking on a song link will give you the following instructions on how to load the song into your own Mandachord:
Spoiler
Once you have the song loaded into your Mandachord, you are free to edit it. You can also save shared songs, but keep in mind the 5 song slot limit.
Show off your favorite Warframe and Fashion 'Frame with the new Captura feature. Use a vast array of tools to compose the perfect shot. Choose from numerous available locations, spawn in enemies, slow down, or speed up time and compose a stunning photograph. Add more depth to your composition with dozens of filters, special effects and graphic options.
Head to the Arsenal and select your Warframe Appearance tab. There you will see a new button titled Captura on the bottom right. Upon launching Captura, you can select from the following Captura Scenes:
CORPUS SHIP MAINTENANCE SCENE
GRINEER GALLEON CARGO SCENE
INFESTED SHIP HOLOGRAM SCENE
Each Syndicate also offers their own themed Captura Scene, available at a Standing price. Interested in applying your own background scene or having a solid color background to your Captura images? Visit Simaris in the Relay to purchase the Color Key Scene for Standing. Teshin also has Conclave Scenes to offer, visit him the in the Relay to add these to your Captura Scene selection.
Be sure to share your Captura screenshots with the Community
we can't wait to see how creative you get! 
A high tempo rifle. Choose between automatic and semi automatic fire to lay waste to your enemies. Its primary fire rewards increased accuracy and fire rate with consistent shooting. Its alt fire will load up 10 ammo before being shot in a single blow. The Tenora can be purchased in the Market for Platinum or researched in the Tenno Lab Dojo room.
This fan hammer pistol, like the Tenora, also has two firing modes. Its semi-automatic primary fire will please sharpshooters. Its alt fire packs a punch (several) by emptying its entire clip in one trigger pull, but hold steady, the shots also have some kick to them. The Pandero can be purchased in the Market for Platinum or you can purchase its Blueprint in the Market for crafting.
An alternate helmet for Wukong.
An alternate helmet for Octavia.
Accentuate the Kavat's sleek profile with this enchanting decorative armor!
Who is this gangly creature on your Landing Craft?! Who let this malformed Infested inside?! KILL IT WITH FIR
oh wait, that's the newly reskinned Helminth Charger! With a whole new look comes a new attitude.
For those of you looking for the original Charger model, you can find the Helminth Degenerate Pattern as a Cosmetic Option in the Market available for Credits!
Javlok, Buzlok, Ferrox, Harpak, Hind, Mutalist Quanta, Penthera, Paracyst, Penta, Quanta (Vandal), Stradavar, Tenora, Zarr
Azima, Euphona Prime, Kulstar, Pandero, Talons
5 new emotes are available for your hip-shaking convenience!
Glissade Narta
Maestro Narta
Poise Narta
Tempo Narta
Pendulum Narta
The Relays and Maroo's Bazaar now offer dedicated music zones, where you can share your Mandachord compositions and boogie down with fellow Tenno. Simply bring Octavia to one of the areas marked with the symbol seen in the image below, and select any of the Narta emotes listed above to start the party.
Dojos have a "free for all" policy when it comes to sharing your Mandachord compositions. Team up with your Clan to create symphonies in the comfort of your own Dojo, without concern of getting a noise complaint.
Dojo sessions are now hosted using the Relay system!
This means that Dojo sessions will be no longer be handled with the Host and Client method, eliminating potential host migrations or other host-related connectivity issues. Clan members will be able to invite other Tenno to the Dojo and leave without forcing their invitees out as well.
For performance's sake, the Instance limit for Relays also applies to this new system. You and 49 other Tenno will be able to visit the Dojo at the same time before another Instance is created, and any modifications done to the Dojo will still propagate across each Instance simultaneously.
As a result of these changes, "Host" will be removed from the Clan Roles list since any and all Clan members will now be able to access the Dojo at all times.
Trading in the Dojo now works similarly to trading in the Maroo's Bazaar where players can "set up shop". The trading post still shows all players in the Dojo with trades remaining for the day, but Players can now start a trade from the Trading Post or by interacting with another Player who is in trading mode.
Duelling will use the original Dojo hosting system, where it will create one session for the duelling Tenno. Players will be able to trade in the Duelling Room, but not during a Duelling Session.
A new and improved Mastery Rank-Up screen is here! When you become eligible for a rank-up, a new option to initiate your test will appear at the top of the pause menu (instead of directly under your name). Upon selecting to start your test, a new screen appears that shows you what Mastery Rank test you're about to attempt, what rewards you will receive upon a successful completion, and helpful hints!
See it in action:
In addition to the Dojo hosting changes, Clan Affinity will be awarded depending on the amount of effort expended towards bettering one's Clan. This Clan Affinity will contribute to the Clan's Rank and is awarded as follows:
The first time you construct an Oracle Room, Bio Lab, Chem Lab, Energy Lab, Tenno Lab, Orokin Lab, Duelling Room and Obstacle Course.
The first time you construct a Trading Post, Treasury, and Temple of Honor.
Upon completion of Clan Research.
The amount of Clan Affinity earned by building Rooms or Decorations are listed in their respective selection screens; Research entries have been given the same treatment within the Lab UI. A Research tab has also been added to the Clan Profile, which will list all research and its state of completion per Lab!
Don't worry if your Clan has already done all or part of the above tasks
the rewards are retroactive! The appropriate amount of Clan Affinity has been given to all existing Clans with this Update.
All existing Clans are currently at the initial Rank, regardless of their Clan Affinity. Once its members complete the Ascension Ceremony, the Clan will Ascend to the highest Clan Rank attainable with their current amount of Affinity.
What is this Ascension Ceremony? If you have earned enough to reach the next Rank, a new Decoration called the Ascension Altar will become active! To participate in this Ceremony, a clan member simply needs to interact with this device. Depending on your Clan Tier, a certain number of members must partake in this ceremony in order to reach Ascension, but under no time limit.
Participants will immediately be awarded Endo upon interacting with the Altar, and any remaining Clan members will be able to interact with the Altar and receive an Endo reward within 72 hours after the Ascension Ceremony has been completed. Participants from Clans who have enough Clan Affinity to Ascend multiple Ranks will be rewarded with Endo from each individual Rank.
The required number of participants per Tier are as follows:
Ghost: 1
Shadow: 5
Storm: 15
Mountain: 30
Moon: 50
The amount of Endo awarded per Clan Rank is as follows:
Rank One: 1,000
Rank Two: 2,000
Rank Three: 3,000
Rank Four: 4,000
Rank Five: 5,000
Rank Six: 6,000
Rank Seven: 7,000
Rank Eight: 8,000
Rank Nine: 9,000
For Clans who have earned the current max Clan Affinity at the time of this update, completing the Ascension Ceremony will award each participant (and any other player who interacts with the Altar within 72 hours after its completion) with a grand total of 45,000!
To remove any confusion between these new Clan Ranks and the existing ones, Clan Hierarchy is now used to describe a player's position within the Clan, whether they are a Warlord or an Initiate.
All of these changes are the foundation for a larger system planned for release later this year, so stay tuned, Tenno!
Sniper Crewman now are able to deploy mini-robots known as Ratel. These fast-moving mini robotics units are quick and can quickly overwhelm even the strongest Tenno
take them out at the source!
We have increased the spawn chance of Sniper Crewman in Corpus missions. We have also reduced the spawn chance of Sapping Ospreys (which will mean less Sapper Mines) and lowered the maximum allowable simultaneous instances of Sapping Ospreys.
Bow and Sniper lovers rejoice! A new strategy for annihilating Nullifiers is now available. Nullifier backpacks are now equipped with Projector Drones that are deployed overhead. These Projector Drones are the power source behind the Nullifiers' bubbles, and determine the growth, size, and vitality of the bubble. Here is what you can expect from the Nullifiers' updated backpacks:
When alerted for the first time, Nullifiers will deploy their Projector Drone to create a bubble.
When in contact with varying ceiling heights, the Projector Drone will adjust its own height and reduce the size of the bubble to remain targetable.
If the bubble has been popped, the Projector Drone will return to the backpack for a brief period of time before being deployed again.
If the Projector Drone is destroyed, the bubble will pop and render the Nullifier permanently unable to make bubbles.
Projector Drone health scales with enemy level.
Fixed Nullifiers so that stealth finisher targets don't grow the bubble, as per:
The World State Window now has progressive disclosure and will only display the missions and Categories for content in which a player has met the criteria. Some of this is partially in place, but this is a more exhaustive change that ensures new players are not overwhelmed by seeing content they cannot play.
Alerts will only appear in the World State Window if you have the planet unlocked.
Invasions will only show if you have the planet unlocked.
Sorties will only become visible after completing The War WIthin.
Syndicate Daily Missions only appear if a player is a member of a Syndicate.
Void Fissures will not appear until a player obtains their first Relic
Limbo is a Warframe with one of the most complicated skillsets. When his skills are mastered, he becomes an unstoppable force of Rift manipulation. While many have perfected the Limbo, there's been a general sense he needs to be revisited to make the mastering feel more rewarding.
With this Update, we have revisited Limbo. Changes to Limbo include the following:
While in the Rift, Limbo receives a slight Energy regeneration. Additionally, enemies killed in the Rift will grant Limbo 10 Energy.
Limbo darts in and out of different Planes of existence at no Energy cost. Tapping the roll key (default binding Shift) will shift Limbo between the Rift and Material Plane. Shifting into the Rift leaves behind a tear that, for a brief period of time (5s), Limbo and Allies can use it to enter the Rift. Limbos that enter the Rift through the tear can remain in the Rift as long as they please, unlike Allies who have temporary access.
Send enemies and Allies within a small radius into or out of the Rift for a period of time. Banish targets must be in the same Plane as Limbo to be affected. For example, Limbo must be in the Material Plane to Banish Material Plane targets to the Rift and vice versa. Banished enemies will take damage when casted and will be knocked down for a brief period of time.
Stop Banished enemies in their tracks by putting them in Stasis for a period time. Toggle the ability on and move within the Rift to strategically set up shots around enemies affected by Stasis. Projectiles will stay suspended until the Stasis timer runs out, until toggled off, or until the 300 projectile limit has been reached, upon which your torrent of projectiles will be launched at the enemy.
Void energy surges through Limbo and into the Rift, charging enemies within it. Charged enemies that cross over to the Material Plane will Banish themselves and nearby enemies back into the Rift. When charged enemies die outside of the Rift, they surge and transfer the charge to nearby enemies.
Bridging the Rift and Material Planes, Cataclysm creates a sphere of Void Energy that shifts enemies within its radius into the Rift. During its creation and final collapse, enemies stumble and take damage. The sphere's final collapse deals damage to enemies both in and out of the sphere, and scales based on the health and shields of ALL enemies in the Rift.
Mission objective items, such as Datamass, can now be carried in and out of the Rift Plane. However! Be careful not to drop these items in the Rift Plane, as they can only be picked up in the Material Plane.
Allies in Cataclysm's sphere can now collect pickups including mission objective items.
The Rift Torrent Augment Mod will now grant Limbo a damage increase (15/20/25/30%) for every enemy affected by Rift Surge and has had it's description changed to reflect this.
Toned down the FX while in the Rift.
As we near the staggering number of 300 weapons (including variants), the task of balancing grows increasingly daunting. At its core, Warframe is a co-operative game; having powerful tools is a boon to a team rather than a disadvantage. However, there are a few weapons that have such a dominating effect in missions that co-operative missions essentially become solo. Aside from the handful of dominating weapons, there are even more that have been overlooked.
The Miter is one of the oldest examples of killer concept with lackluster results. The next Update will bring the following:
Increased chance of dismemberment on kills.
Increased speed of Projectiles.
Charge time has been halved.
Critical Chance of 5% for a quick shot.
Critical Chance of 10% for a charged shot.
Hit detection is now based on the size of the Sawblade.
Mastery Rank increased to 6.
The Harpak's stats aren't the worst in the scheme of Primaries, but it has received some love since it is often overlooked.
Recoil has been reduced on the Primary Fire.
The Alt-Fire Charge time has been removed
it is now an instant harpoon.
The Critical Chance has been increased to 20%.
Increased the range of the Alt-Fire from 15 meters to 40 meters.
Increased the flight speed of the Alt-Fire and updated the FX.
Adjusted pull strength of the Harpak's alt fire to have enemies more likely to end up near you.
The Hind has more nicknames than most Primaries (Baguette, etc), but not as much use.
We've added a single-shot Semi-Auto Alt Fire to the Hind that has increased Damage, Critical, and Status Chance.
Like the Miter, the Panthera is a killer idea with lackluster execution. We've made the following changes:
Primary Fire has been switched to Automatic, and the fire rate has been increased.
The Status Chance of Primary Fire has been increased to 20%
Critical Hit Chance of Primary Fire is now 10%
The Critical Multiplier is now 2x.
Ammo Requirement is reduced to 2.
Secondary Fire Status chance is now 35%
Critical hit Chance of Secondary is now 25%
Hit detection is now based on the size of the projectile.
Mastery Rank is now 7.
The Paracyst is one of the more spine-tingling weapons in the Arsenal that really runs with the Infested theme.
The damage of the Primary Fire has been increased by 5.
Updated the FX of the projectiles of the Primary Fire.
Increased the range of the Alt-Fire tether to 50 m.
The Status Chance of the Primary and Secondary Fire has been increased to 30%
The Critical Chance of Primary Fire has been increased to 10%
Mastery Rank is now 5.
The Mutalist Quanta is getting more of a mechanic change rather than just stats.
It will have its Alt-Fire stack similar to the Simulor to make a large Infested Orb that you can shoot through for additional stats.
The Buzlok and its homing mechanism has been used for many creative moments
but ultimately this weapon has been overlooked.
The Ammo Requirement for the Secondary Homing has been reduced to 2.
Physical Damage distribution has been adjusted to 50% Impact, 40% Puncture, and 10% Slash.
Damage has been increased to 60 from 45.
Critical Chance increased to 15%
Critical Damage increased to 2.5x
The flight speed of the Homing Beacon has been increased.
The Homing Beacon will now only stick to NPC & Characters.
Critical Chance increased by 50% on targets with Homing Beacon attached to them.
Clip size reduced to 50.
Mastery Rank increased to 9.
The Ice Beam weapon: the Glaxion. Probably one of the most exciting weapons to imagine in combat, yet it has received a cold reception.
Cold Damage has increased to 333 from 250.
The rate at which ammo is consumed has been decreased.
Increased the Accuracy of the Glaxion.
Reduced the range from 30 meters to 24 meters.
The Ogris has gone through a visual Upgrade, and now it's time for a stat upgrade. To many, this was their first entry into Launcher weapons
are you willing to give it another look?
The Flight Speed of the projectile has been increased.
The Status Chance has been increased to 35%.
The charge time to fire the Ogirs has been reduced.
The direct Impact damage of the projectile has been decreased to 100.
AoE damage has increased to 600.
AoE range has increased to 6 meters.
Mastery Rank requirement has increased to 8.
The Attica was the debut entry into Automatic Primary Crossbows! We've revisited it to perhaps bring it back into the spotlight of your Arsenal.
The Weapon Recoil has been reduced.
The Fire Rate has been increased.
The Flight Speed of the bolts has increased.
The Critical Chance has increased to 25%.
The Critical Multiplier has increased to 2x.
The Ammo Capacity has increased to 20.
We have nerfed 3 weapons (plus 1 variant) that we feel disrupts the co-op setting and pace of gameplay for most groups:
The Tonkor's rocket jumping mechanic has long been obsolete since the introduction of bullet jumping, so the Tonkor now deals self-damage like all other launchers.
The Tonkor Grenade trajectory line now appears on holding the fire button (Default Left Mouse), and grenade fires on release.
The grenade needs to travel 6m before arming itself, it will bounce off yourself, other players and AI before then.
The Maximum lifespan of grenade has dropped from 5 to 3 seconds
grenades are quicker to explode
Grenades bounce lower and explode sooner, making them more likely to explode where they are shot.
The Critical Chance has been reduced to 25%.
The Accuracy of the Tonkor has been increased.
The Simulor's entry into Arsenals marked one of the more unique moments in Weapon history. It's always been a little weird
stacking orbs together leads to both passive and active death. The stacking itself causes damage and the fully stacked orb can be activated with your 'Alt Fire' button for an additional explosion.
The Status Chance has been increased to 30%.
The amount of Orbs required to make a full stack has decreased
it used to take 5, now it takes 3.
A Critical Chance of 2% has been added.
The AoE Explosion range (based on stack when expires or manual detonation) increased from 0.5-2.8 meters to 1-6 meters.
The Explosion Damage has increased from 50 per orb to 75 (225 at full stack).
On an orb stacking event (when orbs combine), damage range decreased to 1-6 from 3-8
On an orb stacking event, damage decreased from 150-250 to 20-40
The Simulor has had its max Ammo Capacity reduced to 60.
Considering the Simulor was the only Primary Cephalon weapon, it was easy to see a Synoid version entering Arsenals. Like its vanilla counterpart, it's always been a little weird
stacking orbs together leads to both passive and active death. The stacking itself causes damage and the fully stacked orb can be activated with your 'Alt Fire' button for an additional explosion.
The Status Chance increased to 35%
The amount of Orbs required to make a full stack has decreased
it used to take 5, now it takes 4.
A Critical Chance of 5% has been added.
The AoE Explosion range (based on stack when expires or manual detonation) increased from 0.5-2.8 meters to 1-8 meters.
The Explosion Damage has increased from 50 per orb to 75 (300 at full stack).
On an orb stacking event (when orbs combine), damage range decreased to 1-8 from 3-8
On an orb stacking event, damage decreased from 150-250 to 20-50
The Synoid Simulor has had its max Ammo Capacity reduced to 75.
The only melee entry on the list is the Telos Boltace.
This weapon is receiving a bit more of a mechanic change rather than a purely numerical change.
The Slide attack will create a vortex that staggers and draws enemies toward you.
The following Slide attack (after a vortex) will radial blast and ragdoll enemies away from you.
This 'back and forth' will be on a cooldown.
If you have invested into a nerfed weapon, when the Update releases there will be an Inbox message generated on Login to give you a single 3 day Affinity Booster and a Forma per owned weapon to reconfigure your weapons as you see fit!
Regarding any Rivens you may have or are looking to pick up for any of the listed weapons: you can expect small changes to stats. Stay tuned for more information in the Update notes!
Fixed the Tether Grenade Mod for the Penta cancelling Self Damage.
There is now a toggle option for how you want to fly: old vs. new! This option allows players to switch between the original Archwing flight system that we introduced vs the newer one we added. You can find this in the Options menu by going to Controls > Archwing > Toggle Experimental Flight!
Removed unusable Ammo Drops from Archwing.
Improved the radius and 'suck speed' of Archwing's innate vacuum.
The Vulkar Wraith is now tradable!
Emotes no longer remain active while changing your Arsenal in the Relay.
Focus Convergence Orbs will now spawn closer to you
before they would spawn within 40 to 80 meters, now they will spawn within 30 to 60 meters.
The Judgement points required to enter the various Rathuum missions and to fight Kela de Thaym on Merrow have been reduced! The Judgement points earned remains the same.
Yam now requires 10 judgement points.
Vodyanoi now requires 15 judgement points
Merrow now requires 25 judgement points.
All of the Index mission options available on The Index node on Neptune have been removed, except for the Endurance mode. This node is optional, and is not required to complete Neptune. Since Endurance modes play out with no explicit end, we've made all Index enemies drop all Index exclusive modes so that you can remain in the same Endurance mission without missing out on drops that the enemies don't spawn.
Decreased the hit box on the Grineer Rollers to better match the visual mesh.
Reduced particles from the Telos Boltace slide attack as per:
Re-arranged Stims to appear together in Dojo Research.
Added mini-map marker for Dojo Transporter.
Removed bounding boxes of Dojo and Orbiter Decorations, except around Triggerable or Interactive sections of Decorations. This means you will have a much, much easier time placing Decorations! In a way, the sky is the limit.
Overlapping Waypoint markers are now sorted by distance from player.
Bleedout Markers now hover above the player's head and will follow them if they crawl around. A distance label is also added to this Marker (but will disappear when they are being revived).
Improved visuals of Grineer Blunt.
Changed translations on Resource Drone extract button to be singular if only 1 Extractor is ready.
Tweaked the location of a Kuria in the Shipyards!
The objective count in Mobile Defense missions will now disappear a couple seconds after all objectives have been successfully completed.
Updated Sargas Ruk's face with wrinkle data so that you can see his anger in all of its wrinkled glory.
Changed the console action text and its marker to hover over the console screen instead of floating above it in the first mission of Vor's Prize.
Added extra navigation Marker in first mission of Vor's Prize to make path clearer.
Updated the Corpus Turret animations for performance improvements.
Choosing the default Ash skin for Ash Prime now removes all Ash Prime details.
Improved cloth physics on several Sugatras (Boloket Sugatra, Scyth Sugatra, Ki'Teer Sugatra, and the Tentacyst Sugatra).
Optimized numerous Dojo decorations for improved performance.
Improved AI navigation in a number of Infested Salvage tiles.
Added PBR touches to a number of Corpus art objects.
Added PBR touches to a number of Dojo art objects.
Added PBR touches to numerous Infested Hive art objects.
Adjusted the difficulty scaling of the Spy Mission portion of Vor's Prize Quest.
Updated a number of Warframe Skin icons to make them all more consistent.
Lowered the specular lightning on the Smeeta Kavat to address 'plastic' looking issues.
Improved the loading times of certain HUD elements.
Adjusted the lighting in the Perrin Sequence Lunaro map.
Improved the dual wielding functionality of Sentient enemy types.
Added additional Relay flavor NPCs.
Performed a lighting pass on the Infested Corpus tileset for improved reflection fidelity.
Disabled the mini-map during the mountain pass section of The War Within quest.
Tweaked the visuals of the trade offering icon shown above player's heads during the trade process.
Tweaked the visual appearance of a number of Infested coral art objects.
Updated the wrinkle maps seen on the faces of Grineer Marines.
The recruiting channel can now be joined while in a PvP lobby.
Improve the spawning logic of interactive consoles in Mobile Defense matches to ensure a better spread.
Magnetize used by enemy NPC Mag's will now have a 1 second delay before the actual ability is deployed to prevent players from instantly 1-shotting themselves when facing these enemies.
Changed flashing reticule hitmaker to be simulated locally for Clients to provide better visual damage feedback if they have a poor connection to Host.
Fixed an issue with the flashing reticule hitmaker when jumping or Bullet Jumping near enemies.
Fixed an issue with the flashing reticule hitmaker during Vauban's Vortex, and Nezha's Blazing Chakram and Warding Halo.
Updated NPC idle animations.
Changed the tints on the default shader for the Latron as it was all dark, and not fitting the icon!
The Corpus Ship Tileset has received an ambiance overhaul.
Note from George the Audio Director: "We wanted to give this tileset an audio refresh because most of the sounds were created over 3 years ago. In that time we have come up with tech that lets us play ambient sounds in a more realistic way and in a way that makes the levels feel more alive. In addition to the new tech, we also created a lot of new sounds that are unique to this tileset, in order to make it feels more Corpus-like."
Puzzle push-volumes now affect Warframes with knockdown immunity (Iron Skin, Warding Halo).
Reduced the MASHED Glyph diorama lighting in the Market to improve visibility.
Made some adjustments to the Invincibility marker in the HUD so that it is more legible.
Removed Corpus Ship room that was unintentionally included in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Improved melee weapon holster transition animation for the customizable hostler positions to fix snapping.
Made several optimizations for Relay performance.
Lowered the brightness on Excalibur's Blind cast and Drone Explosion deaths to avoid excessive bloom.
Navigation panel information (not quest related) will now be hidden when playing through Vor's Prize.
Grineer Helmets have been given the PBR treatment to better match their bodies!
Lowered the camera level when in the Archwing Arsenal to better view your Warframe.
Changed Rhino's Roar to only buff non-Tenno allies with a weapon -
this avoids the confusion when things like the Defense pod would suddenly start glowing strangely when near a Roar.
Updated the icons for the Chroma Drevni and Chroma Vojnik skins to include shots of the default Helmet (with the skin colours applied) to resolve confusion.
Changed the Hostage/Rescue Target's in-world marker border from white to blue to match the icon color.
Improved scaling and offset of items when viewing them in the Codex.
Changed Atlas' Rumblers HUD marker from objective to Allied NPC.
Changed Grineer Galleon tiles used during the Nav Segment phase of Vor's Prize to show off a more visually interesting/less confusing route.
Corpus Ship and Infested Ship door caps are now off instead of red.
Tweaked Mesa's Noble Rifle animation to remove a pop in the movement.
The Braton Prime, Braton Vandal, Aklato, Lato Prime, and Lato Vandal have all had their firing sounds remastered!
You will now continue to be in a crouched position when jumping while crouching.
We have made some changes that largely affect the duration of Lunaro matches. These are very fast paced games
and the new win scenarios speak to that!
Lunaro match time has been reduced to 6 minutes from 10 minutes. These means there will be two 3 minute halves.
The Maximum score has been reduced to 20: first team to 20 points wins!
Conclave Mods Final Act and Tactical Retreat now have a full screen effect when activated.
Conclave Mod Final Act changed to: +30% Ability Strength and +30% Casting Speed for 4 seconds when health drops below 50.
Effects indicating that a player is immune to Knockdown and Impair have been made more clear in Conclave.

Oro is now automatically received from melee kills in Conclave.
Reduced the brightness of surface lighting in the Canyon Settlement map, added in new lighting system, and other lighting fixes.
Adjusted lighting intensity to make team FX indicators more readable.
Adjusted Oberon's Hallowed Ground to have a more visually obvious edge that can be seen in bright environments.
Hydroid's passive now has 100% chance in Conclave, with its duration reduced to 6 seconds.
Ash's passive in Conclave changed to Bleed debuff from hits with weapons from the Nikana family.
Trinity's passive in Conclave changed to increase Shield Recharge Rate for her and her teammates within 25m.
Energy regen rate of Ember's Passive reduced in Conclave.
Removed damage bonus from Mesa's Shooting Gallery in Conclave.
Nyx's Psychic Daggers now only seek target under reticule. If no target is found, they will fire off in a random direction in Conclave.
Mesa's Peacemaker can no longer be activated while airborne. This ability no longer requires a target to fire, and costs 5 Energy per missed shot. Reduced channeling cost when ability is active.
Increased the flight speed of Excalibur's Exalted Blade projectiles in Conclave.
Oberon's passive has been updated to give him immunity to Impair in Conclave.
Frost's Avalanche damage increased in Conclave.
Atlas' Rumbler's damage increased in Conclave.
Mag's Crush range increased in Conclave.
Chroma's Effigy damage increased for all elemental types in Conclave.
Chroma's Vex Armor duration increased in Conclave.
Saryn's Miasma damage increased in Conclave.
Victims of Titania's Lamplight recover slower in Conclave.
Ember's Fireblast damage increased and duration decreased in Conclave.
Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm damage increased in Conclave.
Trinity's Link range increased in Conclave.
Nezha's Divine Spears damage increased in Conclave.
Rhino's Roar duration increased in Conclave.
Rhino's Stomp damage increased and speed debuff reduced in Conclave.
Inaros' Sandstorm damage, speed and range increased in Conclave.
Banshee's Silence range and duration increased in Conclave.
Banshee's Sonic Quake damage increased and range decreased in Conclave.
Nekros' Terrify range and duration increased in Conclave.
Nekros' passive is now 6 seconds of +5 Heal On Kill in Conclave (disabled on Health damage).
Increased the flight speed of Excalibur's Exalted Blade projectiles in Conclave.
Loki's Radial Disarm damage increased and split 60% Impact and 40% Energy Drain in Conclave.
Limbo's Cataclysm damage increased in Conclave.
Excalibur's Radial Javelin damage increased in Conclave.
Ivara's Artemis Bow energy per shot cost decreased in Conclave.
Oberon's Reckoning damage increased in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed damage-over-time procs double-dipping on stealth multipliers, resulting in higher numbers than the intended 8x.
Fixed certain puzzles on Lua not functioning for Clients.
Fixed the Hyena Pack being immune to the Corrosive Projection Aura.
Fixed selecting a new Landing Craft defaulting to the Scimitar instead of the selected one.
Fixed Loki losing active Invisibility after Transferring to and from the Operator.
Fixed the Survival timer counting up instead of down.
Fixed the Kohm magazine capacity dropping from 960 to 120 when the Twin Rogga is equipped prior as per:
Fixed being in an unarmed state when attempting to switch to a Scanner while sheathing a weapon. 
Fixed the diamond offset for the Ki'Teer Sugatra.
Fixed Infested Charger animation to make it better hit its target.
Fixed Euphona Prime Alt fire not reacting to Mag's Magnetize as per:
Fixed clients falling through elevators and having incorrect positions in the map after using Transference while riding an elevator.
Fixed Stim Gear LOC having Extinguished Key description.
Fixed Raptor Bomb timer sometimes displaying a negative value.
Fixed material type of the upper section of the Bodo Syandana.
Fixed Player Store preview in Maroo's Bazaar only showing the first item for sale after the initial cycle, as per:
Fixed issue with players sometimes spawning off the edge in the Kuva Fortress.
Fixed Riven Mods not showing proper name in End of Mission screen.
Fixed Rollers being given prods from Radial Disarm.
Fixed script error in Void Projection screen when tabbing between Eras using a controller before the menu fully loaded.
Fixed a progression stopping issue in The Glast Gambit if the Inbox mission flow was interrupted.
Fixed issues with various turrets / environmental weapons not having proper 'invulnerability' bars when applicable.
Fixed issues with Kubrow / Kavats having incorrect icons in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed an issue with latency and Saryn's Spores making the Spores look much larger than intended.
Fixed an issue with potential soft locks of the Abilities Screen in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue with certain AI (Kuva Clouds, Ospreys) taking poorly planned paths to their intended destinations.
Fixed performance issues related to stacking Status Effects.
Fixed Ayatan Stars appearing in the wrong section while Trading.
Fixed Kuva Siphon not starting if the host has not completed The War Within
Fixed an issue with unowned colours being equipable.
Fixed an issue with Clan Emblems being a bit too transparent and bright. There should now be a better balance between darker/brighter clan emblems.
Fixed an issue with Trading where Button spamming would cause Clients to lose functionality.
Fixed a case where going to view a Quest from the Solar Map would result in the Quest's title overlapping the Quest description
Fixed Drekkar Scorpions having more armor than intended. Their armor has been reduced and is now on par with other Scorpion variants.
Fixed a script error in The Jordas Verdict that was causing no enemies to spawn.
Fixed an issue in Jordas Verdict Stage 3 where players would be unable to revive after being purged.
Fixed the Dera Vandal not alerting enemies when listed as an alarming weapon in the Arsenal.
Fixed players in squad seeing Clients falling below and bobbing up and down on ziplines.
Fixed an issue with Clients continuing to see the revive progress diamond after they've revived a downed player.
Fixed Extraction marker appearing in Extermination missions when not all enemies have been killed.
Fixed Market diorama for holster positions not previewing melee weapons holstered on your Warframe.
Fixed a color emissive issue with the second stage of The Law of Retribution that left pressure pads looking as if someone was still standing on them.
Fixed misaligned door icons in Vor's Prize.
Fixed Clients having no recoil on their secondary weapon after they transferred to their Operator and used Madurai's Phoenix Gaze.
Fixed Transference causing players to fall through elevators while riding up to Grineer Shipyard Defense missions. 
Fixed the asymmetry of the Naberus Shoulder Armor on Loki's Knave Deluxe skin.
Fixed tints of Orokin staircase pillars to blend better with the stairs.
Fixed the Tactical Reload and Eject Magazine mods not automatically reloading on a holstered weapon after Clients use Transference from Operator to Warframe.
Fixed Warframes becoming invisible after Transference.
Fixed a majority of the areas in the Corpus Outpost tileset that had over-the-top bloom.
Adjusted positioning for several Sugatras attachments on the Boltace to prevent them from clipping and jittering around.
Fixed the Transmute and Reroll buttons slowly fading behind the foreground of the Mod Screen if a Riven Mod was rapidly selected/unselected.
Fixed an issue with Laser Barriers disabling even when alerted by Security Cameras.
Fixed Winds of Purity having double the lifesteal gain instead of the intended 20%.
Fixed performance issues when Players land on top of an NPC.
Fixed an issue in Relays where player names disappear when you move too close to them.
Fixed a host migration related crash.
Fixed a crash that could occur when a Client joins a match and then subsequently times out.
Fixed an issue with Ember's default energy color being displayed incorrectly.
Fixed an issue with the Elder Queen's braids not appearing correctly during The War Within Quest.
Fixed an issue with the Spectre versions of Mesa and Chroma seen in their respective Quests not properly holstering their weapons.
Fixed an outdated model of the Ignis being visible in the Clan Training Diorama.
Fixed a couple of instances of loot crates being placed inside geometry on certain Grineer Sealabs tiles.
Fixed a missing force field near a tutorial hint seen in the Spy Mission portion of the Vor's Prize Quest.
Fixed an issue with only Archwing stats being shown on the EoM screen after completing Sealab missions.
Fixed an instance of z-fighting seen on Derelict tiles.
Fixed an issue with Rivens not being linkable in chat after being revealed.
Fixed an erroneous error being displayed when attempting to reroll a Riven.
Fixed an issue with Prime Sigil borders not appearing correctly in certain instances.
Fixed an issue with Inaros' Scarab Swarm not properly persisting over host migrations.
Fixed minor clipping issues seen with tarp art objects on Shipyards tiles.
Fixed an issue with Sentients not properly have their dismembered limbs replicated to Clients after a host migration.
Fixed an instance of z-fighting visible on grates vents in the Grineer Asteroid tiles.
Fixed an issue with Operators being visible in place of Warframes during the mission Extraction cinematic.
Fixed being able to get stuck under the Landing Craft ramp when testing Transference for the first time during the War Within Quest.
Fixed an issue with player names appearing as hex codes if their name started with '0x'
Fixed an animation pop that could be seen during the extension/retraction of Sentinel weapons.
Fixed minor clipping on the weapon model seen when reloading the Kohm.
Fixed Vay Hek's eye's having the wrong materials applied to them and corrected the visuals on his teeth.
Fixed an issue with the background of undiscovered Codex entries not appearing correctly.
Fixed the Melee Combos menu from not opening correctly while the Solar Map is also open.
Fixed a number missing Codex entries.
Fixed an issue with Operators being temporarily invulnerable on Clients after initiating Transference.
Fixed an issue with the Thorac Syandana not aligning properly when viewed in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue with the Pakal Leg Armor appearing uneven when equipped on Valkyr Prime.
Fixed an issue with enemy Magnetize not functioning against Clients.
Fixed an issue with Vor being killable during the Tutorial mission.
Fixed an issue with Telos Boltace appearing incorrectly when equipped on Mesa.
Fixed an issue with Feral Kubrows not always engaging in combat behaviors.
Fixed an issue with Feral Kubrows not properly animating during their disengage behavior.
Fixed an issue with Feral Kubrows being immediately hostile after previously have killed one.
Fixed Clan Dojo UI showing "Conclave" instead of "Earth" if a clanmate was in Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed Quaro Chestpiece closing when equipped and remaining closed. It will now remain open and will close when running or bullet-jumping.
Fixed a visual bug for Clients where the charged shots of the Opticor, Angstrum, Javlok, or Ferrox would appear to fire twice.
Fixed local reflections on grate material.
Fixed a rare script error with the Nukor.
Fixed multiple issues with Sugatras and Syandanas when scaled.
Fixed Assassination Invasion mission variants counting towards Assassination Junction tasks.
Fixed a Storage Container being indestructible due to wonky collision.
Took steps to improving performance in the Helminth Infirmary room of the Landing Craft.
Fixed lightning VFX/SFX playing while inside the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed a script error in the Simulacrum Arsenal when using a Warframe with a custom HUD (ie. Ivara).
Fixed various translation issues.
Fixed a number of crashes.
Fixed some POI behavior issues.
Fixed an issue where players cannot remove Decorations in Decorator Mode when R1 is assigned to Sprint on a controller.
Fixed Trinity Prime Lobster Tail Syandana Clipping in extreme cases.
Fixed Infested areas not lowering armor for Clients in Infested Salvage
Fix for rare script error that occurred when returning from a mission.
Fixed a Riven unveiling progress stopper. Riven unveil screen now waits until the Inbox is closed before appearing.
Fixed enemies not hitting the cryopod on certain Defense missions.
Fixed future (unreleased) Prime Access store items potentially showing up in someone's wishlist.
Fixed some level pieces poking into others in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed an issue with hover/unhover of Resource Drone element in star chart not properly collapsing.
Fixed surfaces and material assignments on Specters.
Fixed Infested textures being incorrect on large Infested objects.
Fixed improper assets in skybox of JV.
Fixed Covert Lethality being able to slay immortal enemies (i.e., John Prodman).
Fixed bug at EoM that would make Mods not react to the expand on hover action.
Fixed the Infested Ancient's healing Aura being the wrong color.
Fixed Orbs not being destroyed with spores in JV Golem fight.
Fixed icy effect not applying properly to Warframes/Operators on the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed the Helminth Cyst not showing on Frost Harka skin.
Fixed Burst Firing weapons being allowed to fire while sprinting or dodge rolling.
Fixed reverb volumes not being applied in some cases.
Fixed Atterax staying awkwardly unraveled several seconds after quick melee attacks.
Fixed a bug that would cause the UI to break after a host migration.
Fixed Foundry particle effects.
Fixed Syandana collision on Orphid Skin.
Fixed a long standing issue we've had with effects in the game rendering over effects they shouldn't be, which creates a very blocky looking effect
Fixed crash that could be caused by waypoints.
Fixed the Glaive not unfolding when in 'sword alone' mode.
Fixed untradable Blueprint resources appearing in the Trade window (Kuva, Orokin Cells, etc).
Fixed aggressive flickering lighting when loading into Warframe with Banshee Prime on the diorama.
Fixed some in-world marker colour inconsistencies for red 'attack' marker types and some white objective markers which weren't tinted yellow.
Fixed Defense objective markers and last enemy remaining marker not appearing in-world.
Fixed marker scaling and pathing issues in Vor's Prize.
Fixed Clan Key Blueprints remaining in the Foundry after leaving a Clan.
Fixed falling through the elevator after using a Focus ability while the elevator is moving.
Fixed some consistency issues and offset markers in the Landing Craft phases of Vor's Prize.
Fixed Security Cameras in the Codex having numerous lasers.
Fixed weapon Holsters appearing off screen in their Market dioramas.
Fixed the Orokin System object clipping through the ground in the Codex.
Fixed Titania's wing clipping through Archwings when viewing anything Archwing-related Codex entries.
Fixed Bow and quivers being completely invisible when switching weapons while under effect of an invisibility power.
Fixed animations sometimes moving you downwards when attempting to exit the water in Archwing Submersible.
Fixed Health showing instead of Energy in the Large Team Energy Restore description.
Fixed missing HUD elements for Clients when dueling in the Dojo.
Fixed seeing players who have not moved as ghostly-blue Excaliburs when loading into Relays or the Dojo.
Fixed the Citadella Syandana VFX lingering on other players when talking to Maroo in Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed the Syndicate Weapon Augment FX lingering when switching your weapon right when the power releases.
Fixed 'Trades Remaining' not updating in the Dojo after a trade was completed.
Fixed the Quaro Shoulder Armor sitting incorrectly on Nidus.
Fixed the Scanner reticule persisting when holstering after throwing the Ferrox.
Fixed being unable to 'Wait For Players' after a Client attempted to join and then left during the timer.
Fixed Nyx's Mind Control not properly affecting Shield Drones, and resulted in the Drones wandering off on their own.
Fixed a locked door on Lua turning red when locked again after being unlocked once.
Potential fix for Elytron's Warhead ability having an enormous cooldown time.
Fixed failing a Mastery Test in Simaris' Sanctuary placing you in front of your current rank up test, rather than the one you just attempted.
Fixed hackable MOA cabinets not appearing as interactive for Clients.
Fixed performance issues related to the Atomos.
Fixed Archwing Extraction marker appearing to have a yellow trim instead of all green.
Fixed escaping out of the Clan Statistics screen too early causing a functionality loss.
Fixed HUD elements popping up during certain The War Within cinematics.
Fixed a script error when viewing the Kavat diorama in the Codex
Fixed the Relic Selection screen repeating If you have an AFK player in your squad and you click the "Start Timer" button in a Fissure mission.
Fixed the Helicor missing its FX when viewing it in the Relay Arsenal.
Fixed the Ferrox not being affected by Heavy Caliber.
Fixed Banshee being able to cast a perpetual Soundquake by initiating a handshake then pausing.
Fixed enemies becoming un-tethered with Titania's Lantern ability and the Ferrox with Tether Grenades equipped.
Fixed enemies not always running away after morale is broken in Exterminate missions.
Fixed a case where switching from a Warframe loadout with custom colors on to a loadout with default Warframe colors would carry over the old Warframe colors to the new loadout.
Fixed Clients able to duplicate items in Key missions by disconnecting and rejoining, repeating as desired and then completing the mission.
Fixed a color discrepancy with the Volt Graxx skin biceps.
Fixed the Harkonar Wraith Chest and Syandana being affected by energy color.
Fixed missing collision in the Orokin Derelict that allowed players to exit the level.
Fixed the Ignis firing FX sometime not showing up if you tap the fire button.
Fixed a persisting lensflare after picking up the Ferrox.
Fixed Operator Transference at Extraction causing the Extraction timer to start too early.
Fixed the Maharliqa and Deru Syandana not attaching to the back of Valkyr Prime with the Gersemi skin equipped.
Fixed the Misa Prime and Deru Syandana not attaching properly to Valkyr Prime with the Graxx skin equipped.
Fixed the Teplo Syandana sitting too high on Banshee Prime and Banshee Prime with the default Banshee skin.
Fixed the UI for the Sabotage core not turning red (just minimap) after tripping on a laser.
Fixed missing objective HUD marker for the Defense Portion of the Archwing Pursuit Mission.
Fixed a crash upon canceling a non-looping Emote.
Fixed a script error when casting Ember's Fireball at a Sentient.
Fixed dying three times preventing mission completion when the Hijack objective reaches Extraction.
Fixed the rotation and positioning of the Deru and Sciathin TennoGen Syndanas on Nova Prime to help reduce clipping.
Fixed headshot sounds not playing properly during enemy death animations.
Fixed issue where players could get hit and take fire Proc damage when outside FX range of Scorch's Ignis.
Fixed the Ferrox primary fire death dissolve VFX not playing for Clients.
Fixed uncommon crates and resource containers not using the correct drop tables in Vor's Prize.
Fixed a script error that could occur if you selected a Relic before the Relic list finished loading during a endless Fissure mission.
Fixed "Show Player List" default key binding not working while sprinting.
Fixed a memory leak with Volt's Passive while idle in your Landing Craft that caused a crash.
Fixed a sound-effect leak when casting and interrupting Frost's Ice Wave ability.
Fixed an extra word appearing for the description of the Cernos Rakta when viewing in French.
Fixed the Deru Syandana icon to better match the default colors.
Fixed the Disconnect Syandana having the wrong default colors.
Fixed the Sciathin Syandana icon having the wrong default colors.
Fixed the Officium Syandana having the wrong energy color.
Fixed clipping issues with numerous TennoGen Syandanas.
Fixed electric sounds not turning off when electrified water is disabled in Vor's Prize.
Fixed Hyekka Master and Scorch's firing their Ignis' too high.
Fixed harsh snapping animation when switching between units (such a Eximus units) in Codex diorama.
Fixed markers losing their navigation tracking in certain vent tunnels in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed incorrect UI text marker icon during reactor objective\stop fire spreading phase in Vor's Prize.
Fixed an exploit in the Mastery Rank 4 test.
Fixed Infested objects appearing in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed the Ferrox not returning (after timing out) to you in a shrunken state.
Fixed the Helminth Infirmary door not closing after exiting the room as Nidus and then switching Warframes.
Fixed mobility, sprint speed, and power stats not appearing for Warframes in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed an issue in Capture the Cephalon playlist where the first map would always be Infested Frigate.
Fixed an issue in Lunaro playlist where the first arena would always be Perrin Sequence.
Fixed map hole in Shipyards.
Fixed Conclave mode in the Arsenal showing incorrect stats when equipping a weapon.

## Hotfix 19.13.1
**Date:** 2017-03-10T20:03:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 19.13.1:
Enemies that have been targeted for Inaros' Devour are now invulnerable to everything but you while they are being pulled in.
Increased the amount of the Ferrox pull force to prevent enemies from meleeing out of the tether. 
Improved enemy navigation paths in the Infested Salvage game mode.
Those that have been trade-banned or are below the minimum Mastery Rank for trading can now enter Maroo's Bazaar to trade Ayatan for Endo from Maroo, but trading with other players in the Bazaar will not be accessible.
Removed secret enemies from appearing in the Codex.
Removed the camera shake on Mesa's Peacemaker when firing.

### Fixes
More fixes towards remaining cases of unreceived quest rewards dating back to November.
Fixed Clients being able to throw multiple Javloks and Ferroxs which are then unable to be picked back up.
Fixed Clients not seeing gas traps in the Grineer Fortress Defense mission.
Fixed a script error in the Grineer Fortress Defense mission.
Fixed the Javlok not dealing AoE damage upon throwing it as per:
Fixed Adhesive Blast not causing the Javlok explosion to stick and pause for a while (through primary fire).
Fixed Inaros' Devour drag FX not appearing for Clients.
Fixed the Nexus Kavat Fur Pattern not appearing correctly when linking it in Chat.
Fixed a script error when throwing the Ferrox.
Fixed a few instances of incorrect localized text.

## Update 19.13.0
**Date:** 2017-03-09T20:40:48Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
You can now sort your Relics by Name, Refinement, and Owned!

### Changes
Rhino no longer has a Mastery Rank requirement! Previous to this change, Rhino required a Mastery Rank of 2 to use. Since Rhino is the first Warframe accessible by boss drops, we have removed the Mastery Rank to improve the new player experience. 
Replaced Orokin Cell with Gallium, and replaced Neural Sensors with Morphics as a crafting requirement in the Rhino Blueprint. This is also in the interest of using Rare Resources found on earlier planets to allow for Rhino to be crafted earlier on! 
Maroo can now be interrupted if you want to progress the conversation in her Bazaar! 
Oberon's Beastmaster Passive no longer works on hostile Kavats in the Sands of Inaros quest. Sadly these Kavats must hate you and they must die.
Mesa's Peacemaker ability now ignores all invulnerable enemies.
Rifle Amp and Shotgun Amp Auras now apply to Titania's Dex Pixia weapons.
Lost or stolen weapons now visibly appear through walls to the player who owns it.
Assassination nodes will permanently display the respective Boss portrait when hovering over the node. 
Moved the 'Miscellaneous' Inventory category to the end of the selection line.
Made improvements towards performance in the Relays. 
Made improvements towards loading Landing Crafts with a plethora of Noggles (cough cough Reb...). 
Updated Stance Mod descriptions to read "Stance:" rather than "STANCE -".
Shifted the Officium Syandana to better sit on Warframes based on creator feedback.
Fortress Scanner alarms will no longer play for the entire duration of security detection, instead will play only when initially detected.
Tweaked numerous Mod Upgrade UI components to add icons and remove redundancies. 
Tweaked the Grineer AI behavior in Vor's Prize to be a bit more aggressive when it comes to letting you escape in the Liset.
Tweaked the Mastery Rank Up text to be Title Case instead of all UPPERCASE.
Toned down the slowed Cold FX on enemies due to excessive Bloom.
Removed Hyena Pack and The Raptor from the Simulacrum.
Removed Kavor Defectors from the Simulacrum. 
Removed the UI sound for Objective markers.

### Fixes
Discharge a rail of ionized death or throw the Ferrox like a spear and create a localized field of attraction no enemy can escape from!
Visit the Market or the Energy Lab in your Dojo to start the Ferrox research now!
March through the battlefield with this Corpus cloak.
A collection of glyphs, using captured frames from the 100 Days of Warframe video by Digital Extremes & MASHED.
Foundry items can now be cancelled while in the 'Build' stage, and all resources (except Argon) will be refunded back to you instantly! This is done by clicking the red 'X' on the item itself in the Foundry Screen. You no longer need to make a Support Ticket to undo an accidental crafting
you have the power now!
*Please note: Items started before U19.13.0 cannot be cancelled!
All eligible Clans have been rewarded their goods based on the tiers here:
The operation is over but Synthula is here to stay! This new Resource can be found in the same spots and can be used to make Stims for you and your clanmates. Stims can be used on any NPCs in need of your aid
Rescue Targets, Sortie Defense Targets, etc.
Fixed rare crash when starting the game or opening the Arsenal.
Fixed a memory leak that would occur if you placed Oro Ornaments in certain rooms out of view in your Landing Craft; sparks would continue to spawn when out of view but since the room they were in was dormant the effects would be frozen in time and wouldn't expire until you approached (causing a hitch when descending the ramp as they all expired simultaneously) or crashed.
Fixed the Coaction Drift Mod not fully applying when put into the Exilus slot as opposed to a non-Exilus slot. 
Fixed the Physique Aura applying inconsistent Health values to each squadmate. 
Fixed being able to stack speed buffs exponentially with Dispatch Overdrive and a toggled 4th Warframe ability (Excalibur, Valkyr, etc) . 
Fixed being able to use Nezha's Blazing Chakram to bypass nerves, doors, and barrier in The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed Auras being applied to Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones.
Fixed Nyx's Assimilate Augment not allowing teammates to charge you up by fire absorption.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker ability not applying camera shake when firing.
Fixed Specters getting their Energy drained twice per tick (when using an ability that drains over time).
Fixed getting stuck in the Archwing Revive animation when attempting to revive someone.
Fixed the Javlok disappearing when being thrown into water.
Fixed Azima's disc lingering forever which could result in a performance dip.
Fixed players standing in front of you and blocking your view of Maroo when talking to her. 
Fixed the Javlok not having a firing animation when on a zipline and also not being able to throw it.
Fixed seeing multiple Operative health bars in Sortie Defense.
Fixed Mesa Specter's not being able to cast Shatter Shield.
Fixed a crash in relation to running DX11.
Fixed previewing quest keys not showing their dioramas.
Fixed some quest key items missing descriptions. 
Fixed Sugatras being incorrectly positioned on numerous weapons.
Fixe the Akstiletto Conclave Skin clip shifting to the wrong spot.
Fixed headshots and kill-shot sounds not playing properly.
Fixed missing pickup sounds for the Javlok.
Fixed numerous TennoGen Syandanas clipping through Warframes. 
Fixed Limbo's Noble stance Bow idle using the wrong animation.
Fixed more items not able to be Chat linked.
Fixed the Patient Zero quest Mesa Specter holding a random purple object.
Fixed Frost's Snow Globe ability radius stating the incorrect value in the Arsenal.
Fixed format cost for when "increasing Way capacity by 1" to have a comma, and made Focus names Title Case when in "commit Focus changes" prompt instead of UPPERCASE.
Fixed inconsistent capitalization on enemy names in the Simulacrum. 
Fixed cases of incorrect localized text.

## The Pacifism Defect: Hotfix 19.12.2
**Date:** 2017-03-06T22:01:18Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Pacifism Defect: Hotfix 19.12.2:
Improved performance of the Simulor.
Changed formatting of 'MUTALIST' names to avoid using a dash.

### Fixes
Fixed Manics not having the proper drops (i.e Four Riders) in The Pacifism Defect.
Fixed Vauban's Bastille and Vortex lingering in tiles after players have left said tile.This resulted in enemies continually being damaged or immobile even after the ability ended.
Fixed the HUD displaying the Shield/Health damage indicator when switching to/from Archwing Submersible and other scenarios where your Health percentage lowers without you actually taking damage.
Fixed the Extraction marker remaining on screen for Clients after a minute in Survival.
Fixed missing 'Incoming Wave' and 'Wave Cleared' messages in Defense missions.
Fixed Equinox (and possibly Chroma) appearing to have a full grown Cyst when in reality it's not mature and ready for curing. 
Fixed Quest info in Navigation and Sand of Inaros Vessel not properly updating when you cleared your active Quest through the Codex.
Fixed lingering Torid projectiles causing self-damage after Hall of Mirrors wears off.
Fixed being able to use Warframe Abilities in the Mastery Rank 3 test after a death occurred.
Fixed the Scorpion Eximus having an odd texture on her face.
Fixed Transferring to the Operator while in Hysteria breaking the ability FX.
Fixed Equinox's Agile and Noble stance not applying when holding a Bow.
Fixed a script error that occurs during a Host migration in Survival missions.
Fixed the Corpus Ship announcer playing during final Archwing mission.

## The Pacifism Defect: Hotfix 19.12.1+19.12.1.1
**Date:** 2017-03-03T21:09:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Pacifism Defect: Hotfix 19.12.1:
Ivara's Prowl now displays a loot % stat in the Arsenal when viewing Ability details.

### Fixes
Fixed Host migrations causing Kavor Defector rush consoles to become out of sync and sometimes being disabled (when they should be enabled) and sometimes enabled when you already have a group (letting you double up a group once).
Fixes towards rogue Kavor Defectors losing interest in escaping the ship and wander aimlessly off their navigation.
Fixed The Pacifism Defect Emblem showing the wrong description.
Fixed the Harkonar Wraith Shoulder Armor showing the wrong description.
Fixed attempting to give the Rescue Target a weapon in Rifle/Melee-only Sorties would instead give everyone their secondary weapon. It's quite thoughtful of them to attempt to return the favour, but the Tenno must politely decline.
Fixed loading into the default mission type when attempting to load into a variant on that node (Operation, Nightmare, etc) due to Clients loading in before the Host does.
Fixed Health Bar UI becoming broken after using Transference and performing a Void Dash.
Fixed FXs that rely on time sometimes running at half rate after pausing.
Fixed Frost's Augment Mod not having a description. 
Fixed a script error when accepting an Alliance invitation to an Alliance that no longer exists.
Fixed Ash's Noble/Agile animations not functioning properly with the Javlok. 
Fixed Equinox's Noble/Agile animations not functioning properly with the Javlok. 
Fixed the Ambulas' transmissions not having sound.
===============================
Fixed the Pacifism Defect mission not endowing the Orokin Derelict drops as intended last Hotfix.
Fixed NPCs being eaten by the ground when attempting to capture areas in Interception missions.
Fixed the Hyekka Master being able to hit Limbo in the Rift with her Ignis if there are other enemies around Limbo.
Fixed script error when equipping the default fur patterns for Kubrows.
Fixed some cosmetic previews in loadout not showing the correct cosmetic (ie. Lotus fur pattern for Kubrows when it's the natural one).
Fixed Chat linked text losing their link status if forced across a line break.

## The Pacifism Defect: Update 19.12.0
**Date:** 2017-03-02T22:20:36Z | **Type:** Update
"A new Clan Operation is finally here! This Clan Operation has bits of the same
a unique mission, a call to action, a Wraith weapon... and a bit different! The Operation link will have all the information for you on what to expect
but for even further explanation: We're trying something exciting and different with rewards for the most interesting Competitive aspect in a Clan Operation to date. There are a multitude of Personal and Clan rewards
Cosmetics and The Ignis Wraith! The Ignis Wraith as a reward has a few different avenues
an avenue for more casual clans, more coordinated clans, and a Hardcore avenue for the most competitive clans. Visit the Operation link to find out more!"
### Changes
The Pacifism Defect: Update 19.12.0:
The Infestation has overrun a convoy of allied ships and forced the surviving crew into emergency safe rooms. They're holding on for now, but without your support, they'll die on those ships.
Before you go, you should know something; the crew is Grineer. But not just any Grineer, they're Kavor Defectors, pacifists who deserted Sargas Ruks army when they could no longer bring themselves to kill for him. They don't want to fight anymore, not for the Grineer, and not for Steel Meridian. All they desire is a peaceful life, but that won't come easy; Sargas Ruk is hot on their trail and desperate to make an example of them.
The Kavor need evacuation, will you answer this call?
Replaced the Ash Prime Neuroptics Blueprint with Ash Prime Systems Blueprint in the Neo N5 relic as intended.
Mobile Defense Terminal markers now blink to portray which Terminal is currently hacked and requires your expert guarding skills! 
Flight Speed Mods can now be used on the Euphona Prime.
Deconstructor Prime can now be used on non-Prime Helios. 
Optimized a frame-time spike that would occur in busy levels whenever you killed a power-cell carrier.
Optimized a few temporaries out of sentient attack precept
Improved the visibility of the flowers near the bottom of the Bodo Syandana.
Reduced the volume of the Latron and Latron Prime 3D firing sounds.
Reduced the primary fire damage of the Javlok in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed the Euphona Prime doing no damage to ragdolled enemies.
Fixed file paths appearing for Helios Prime when crafting it in the Foundry.
Fixed Tyl Regor not attacking and just staying in his invisible teleport behavior.
Fixed Lephantis (and possibly other enemies) not attacking resulting in incompletable Assassination missions. 
Fixed a script error when casting Trinity's Blessing ability.
Fixed Banshee Sound Quake ability causing her Syandana to fly straight up.
Fixed Banshee Prime's Helmet antennas flying straight up during her Sound Quake ability. 
Fixed the objective marker for Rescue targets not appearing when outside of the Rescue room.
Fixed Clients unable to see Rescue marker on the mini-map. 
Fixed Interception enemy markers not being red and having smaller icons.
Fixed Relic selection screen not being visible when selecting a Relic from the pause menu.
Fixed getting double End of Mission rewards by disconnecting and rejoining. 
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse HUD buff icon being removed and not re-added if you recast as Client.
Fixed being able to equip Deconstructor on a Sentinel that is not Helios. 
Fixed objects (Datamass, etc) falling through the floor in the Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed the Ambulas boss room waypoint marker pointing the wrong direction.
Fixed a section of weird AI navigation pathing in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed Kavat interaction sounds sometimes not playing.
Fixed Jackal boss fight being triggered by Operators.
Fixed Syandanas clipping through the Frost Harka skin. 
Fixed positioning of the Quaro Armor on Ash's Koga Skin.
Fixed an incorrect tileset object appearing in Pluto Spy Vaults. 
Fixed an escapable hole in the Infested Ship tileset.

## Banshee Prime: Hotfix 19.11.5 + 19.11.6
**Date:** 2017-02-28T22:44:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Banshee Prime: Hotfix 19.11.5:
Objective/Extraction markers now appear in-world
Markers snap directly to the center of doors and from point to point which helps guide your eyes to the next point more gradually
Markers now stack when multiple of the same type are in given direction
Important waypoints will have FXs to indicate a call to your attention
More enemies will now spawn in addition to the required kills needed to complete the mission. Once you have met your mission's objective, the remaining enemies will have their morales broken and will flee! You are free to extract any time after you've finished the required enemy count.
The required kill-count for densely overpopulated Exterminate missions has been slightly reduced, but is still high in relation to the number of enemies.
Lagging enemies will now appear closer towards the extraction location.
Syndicate NPCs will now always attempt to take cover between you and the exit in Syndicate Exterminate missions. .
Ignis flame FX and the transition of Ignis' flame particles fading on ceasefire has been visually improved!
Javlok's projectile collision size has been increased, making it easier to land hits while also dealing 50 Heat AoE damage in a 1.6m radius.
Improved the performance of Oberon's Reckoning ability.
Improved performance related to explosion damage.
Tweaked the last stage of The Archwing quest to include a UI objective text.
The extraction marker in Survival and Excavation will now show up in-world for 60 seconds and then switch to minimap only, so if you do mean to extract you can follow it, if you don't then after a minute it will stop annoying you.
Sentients will only alert team-mates and not set level-wide alert status when engaging targets.
Removed Ayatan Stars and Nav Coordinates from lockers and crates in Vor's Prize to pace out the number of new objects encountered near the start of the game.
Various visual tweaks to Banshee's Sound Quake to address feedback.
Removed Crimson Dervish & Sure Footed from Kuva heavy Gunner drop tables (still available in many other places)
Improved visibility during Nyx's Absorb ability.
Vay Hek is now invulnerable in the opening scene of The Law of Retribution by default so that players can't damage and/or kill him as per:
Banshee's Sound Quake range FX will now only appear for the local player due to epileptic precautions and reports.
Improved volume of the new firing sounds introduced in Update 19.10.0 in different environments for the Braton, Braton MK1, Lato, and Paris.
Mirage's Eclipse ability will now show a HUD buff icon when active.
"Use Zip Line" context action is now attached to and scales with the cable you wish to use.
The Codex now states if an item can be found as a Syndicate Offerings or Relic Pack, and if it can be found through Transmutation.
Tweaked the cache HUD text during Hive missions to better display priority.

### Fixes
Fixed Mag's Sapping Reach Augment in Conclave removing Energy from teammates (should only remove from enemies).
Fixed an issue where Simulor Vortexes will turn invisible when fully stacked and last forever when playing on a Dedicated Server as per:
Fixed an issue with Warframe Auras not stacking in missions as per
Fixed the bombs in stage 3 of Law of Retribution charging at a slower rate than intended.
Fixed aborting The Law of Retribution while carrying the bomb resulting in the bomb becoming bugged and stopping the mission progression.
Fixed the 2nd button in Jordas Verdict speed run tunnel has 2 lights that always remain green.
Fixed Clients being able to toggle off Rhino's Iron Skin with Iron Shrapnel immediately after casting.
Fixed the Jupiter Junction task 'Defeat a Prosecutor on Ceres' not progressing if you killed a Prosecutor while they were blocking.
Fixed not receiving Junction rewards if the network connection disconnects and reconnects when activating the terminal. You can now replay the Junction and receive the intended rewards.
Fixed Infested Runners sliding or teleporting when dodging.
Fixed descriptions for Nightmare mutators appearing in info-popup when hovering over Quest nodes whose underlying node happens to be affected by Nightmare mode.
Fixed the Ogma clipping through the floor in the Codex diorama.
Fixed the Spira and Hikou holsters clipping through Nidus' legs.
Fixed the Orvius Blueprint being tradeable
Fixed double listing for Attack Drones in the Codex.
Fixed a bug where non-Helios Sentinels could equip the Deconstructor when randomizing their loadout.
Fixed Sugatras not attaching properly to the Glaive Prime when equipped with the Conclave Skin.
Fixed a map hole exploit in Vay Hek's boss fight.
Fixed explosive barrels in Vay Hek boss fight not showing proper effect for Clients.
Fixed players sometimes auto-failing the Mastery Rank 19 Test.
Fixed Mirage's Prism ability stat screen showing the number of lasers increasing with Strength when that doesn't actually happen.
Fixed inconsistencies in visibility/scale for the Helminth Cyst while Archwing is equipped.
Fixed a bug where one player going into Operator Mode is able to trigger boss fights, locking other squadmates out of the boss arena.
Fixed buttons in World State Window being focusable when they should be hidden.
Fixed some scrolling elements being cut off in the World State Window with certain resolutions.
Fixed several escapable map holes in the Corpus Ice tileset.
Fixed corners where NPCs could get stuck in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed HUD script error for Clients in Exterminate (and possibly other) missions.
Fixed finisher kills from Companions not counting towards Junction tasks and Challenges.
Fixed the Javlok disappearing after being thrown if you left the room.
Fixed enemies in unconscious ragdoll state not taking damage to the correct body part when you shoot them.
Fixed explosions and other radial damage sources not working inside Eximus shields.
Fixed Arctic Eximus Snow Globe blocking explosion damage that they should not be blocking (and not blocking it when it should have). The barrier should now be closer to the visual representation.
Fixed destroying the Grineer Shipyard Sabotage core with a Punchthrough weapon too early breaking mission progress.
Fixed instances of containers spawning in unreachable areas in the Grineer Settlement tileset.
Fixed being unable to pick up the Telemetry Keys in the Kuva Fortress Assault tileset.
Fixed the MK-1 Kunai and MK-1 Strun not being purchasable in the Market when completing Vor's Prize.
Fixed typing a number in the numeric Options sliders not saving.
Fixed numerous Syandanas not applying properly to the Valkyr Gersemi skin.
Fixed another case of being able to go through walls using Ivara's Dashwire ability when running at low frame-rates.
Fixed not receiving the Vacuum Mod upon crafting Taxon. You should receive the Vacuum Mod upon relog!
Fixed an incorrect icon for Login Reward content.
Fixed multiple map holes in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed Submersible transition spawn points appearing randomly in non-aquatic areas of the Grineer Sea Lab tileset.
Fixed Equinox changing forms when Focus is activated.
Fixed the Kuva Guardians Knockdown animation not playing for Clients.
Fixed deactivated underground Turrets in the Grineer Fortress being affected by abilities (Nyx' Mind Control, etc) and causing a weird visual FX.
Fixed a script error caused by the Sibear.
Fixed a script error when entering research rooms in the Dojo.
Fixed a script error when playing Infested Salvage.
Fixed various localization errors.
===============================
Fixed a very common End of Mission crash.
Fixed a crash when entering text in certain languages.
Fixed a hitch when casting Chroma's Effigy if you don't have the default helmet equipped.
Fixed a mysterious room appearing in the Grineer Asteroid tileset.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.4
**Date:** 2017-02-22T15:44:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
The lucky few who won early Banshee Prime Access, rejoice! She's here for you with this hotfix on PC. Will the rest of us 'losers' be able to get a sneak peek at the lucky winners frames? Will they be kind enough to share?

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.4:
Rhino's Roar buff HUD indicator now displays added damage buff amount (it shows up briefly up top just like Trinity's Blessing %).
Banshee's Sound Quake now has a visual indicator of it's Range and Energy colored crack FX in the ground when cast (perhaps a little prep for her Prime?).

### Fixes
Fixed targeted abilities that can be cast without a target in Conclave refunding energy:
Mag Polarize
Nyx Mind Control
Saryn Spores
Inaros Devour
Trinity Well of Life
Fixed Ash's Bladestorm not marking targets when Heightened Reflexes is equipped in Conclave.
Fixed rounding in Equinox's Pacify and Provoke HUD indicator (was truncating not rounding).
Fixed resolution issues when switching between Full-Screen and Windowed.
Fixed the End of Mission screen not displaying what weapon type of Riven Mod was received. 
Fixed numerous Warframe Augment Mods missing descriptions.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.3
**Date:** 2017-02-17T22:37:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.3:

### Fixes
Fixed not being able to kill Sortie Vay Hek.
Fixed Lotus playing her 'out of bounds' extraction VO during every esophage warp in The Jordas Verdict.
Fixed being able to avoid Jordas' Purge in stage 3 of The Jordas Verdict by Transferring to the Operator.
Fixed the Purge alarm activating well before it is ready to purge during stage 1 of The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed getting stuck as a burrowed Maw during The War Within quest.
Fixed constant pulsing of the crosshair from Mutalist Cernos and Pox DOT.
Fixed an issue where Nekros' Noble Animation would play the Dual Pistol idle variant while holding a Rifle.
Fixed opening the Main Menu while in the Arcanes Menu opening the Main Menu in the background.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.2
**Date:** 2017-02-17T20:40:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.2:
Replaced an idle NPC with a Steel Meridian NPC in the Steel Meridian Relay room. Get out of here default scrub!
Improved visibility of previewing Sugatras on large weapons in Market dioramas.

### Fixes
Fixed Law of Retribution's bombs taking longer to charge as per:
Fixed being able to insta-kill Vay Hek in The Law of Retribution as per:
Fixed UI lockup when linking a Riven Mod while cycling.
Fixed Ash's Bladestorm death FX not showing up for Clients.
Fixed the Rescue rooms on Lua not having an alarm for enemies to set off once you have become detected.
Fixed Mods with negative Accuracy not affecting the Cernos Prime's spread.
Fixed the Synthesis Scanner counting as 'next shot' or 'next hit' for the purpose of some Warframe Abilities/Passives (Volt's Static Passive, Mesa's Ballistic Battery, etc). 
Fixed equipping Zhuge showing incorrect weapon mesh and appearing blurry.
Fixed a seam/texture issue on the Vauban Suppressor Skin. 
Fixed pixelated/jagged textures on the Nyx Saikou Skin and Helmet.
Fixed being able to infinitely move the Hijack object by using the Operator.
Fixed being unable to access Display and Audio options when the World State Window is open.
Fixed one of the Hidden Messages quest node being labeled "Solve the Riddle from the Inbox Message", which defeats the purpose of the riddle.
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones remaining permanently in the Mastery Rank 22 test if active at the end of a round.
Fixed doing a 'Quick Melee' resetting your custom holster position.
Fixed the Gammacor expanding when holstered and sprinting.
Fixed the Synoid Gammacor holster position appearing on the floor for Cephalon Suda operatives.
Fixed the Heliocor's ring FX appearing while holstered in the Relay.
Fixed the Tonkor's iron sights not being flipped up when first loading into a mission.
Fixed some units in Codex dioramas clipping into the floor.
Fixed the Jackal being too large and in charge in his Codex diorama.
Fixed the freeze FX on the Corpus Ice Planet only applying to the Operator's head.
Fixed the Prisma Dual Cleavers keeping prisma textures when equipping deluxe weapon skins.
Fixed screen blur & color correction remaining when you use Transference while in Nyx's Absorb with the Assimilate Augment equipped. 
Fixed Baro Ki'Teer's tutorial in the Relay not having subtitles.
Fixed capitalization discrepancies in the Foundry.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.1
**Date:** 2017-02-16T22:53:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.11.1:
The Arcturus Syandana will now fade out when aiming down sights to help visibility when playing from the right hand side.
Improved resolution textures on all the TennoGen Round 7 Helmet and Skins.

### Fixes
Fixed Synthesis Target Affinity being lost after a Host migration.
Fixed the 'no-UI-in-screenshots' option leaving FPS display on.
Fixed experiencing a hitch when bringing up the Codex after a Silver Grove mission. You'll now see a "please wait" for up to several seconds depending on your Mod collection, similar to viewing the Codex immediately after logging in.
Fixed the Limbo Aureolus Helmet not functioning properly with his animations. You wanted the hat tip you got the hat tip! 
Fixed the Hydroid Rorqual Helmet and Limbo Aureolus Helmet icon displaying blurry textures.
Fixed the Arcturus Syandana floating when equipped on Loki Prime with a Default Loki Skin.
Fixed Smeeta's Charm precept buff giving Bows an unintended insane Fire Rate.
Fixed the Grustrag Bolt Release Blueprint stating it has 1500 uses.
Fixed not being able to color customize the middle section of the Landing Craft floor.
Fixed an escapable level hole in the Grineer Galleon tileset.
Fixed a wonky rock texture in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed unlocalized 'Toggle Prime Details' text.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.11.0+19.11.0.1
**Date:** 2017-02-15T20:33:18Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.11.0additions:
12 new community-created TennoGen items are ready to be added to your Arsenal! Purchase these items by logging in to Warframe through Steam and visiting the 'Steam' tab in the in-game Market. Moving forward, we will continue to try and get new TennoGen items out simultaneously!
You can now apply Default Warframe skins on Prime Warframes!
There is now a 'Toggle Prime Details' toggle for TennoGen skins once applied to a Prime Warframe. This allows you to choose between the Prime Warframe mesh or the Default Warframe mesh!
Setting sliders will now display number values.
The Relic Reward selection screen now displays your 'Owned' count per Relic.
Improved spot-loading issues when attempting to trade.
Further minor firing sound improvement tweaks to the Braton, Lato and Paris.
Shooting enemies in the head versus their gut is very useful when it comes to...everyday Tenno life. To better indicate exactly where your bullets are penetrating, hit indicators will be a pulsing yellow on default (anywhere but the head) and a quicker pulsing red when administering those satisfying headshots!
via GIPHY

### Fixes
Fixed Vault doors in the Orokin Derelict throwing Clients out of bounds if they performed a roll and then shot their weapon before opening it (although why such rambunctious activities are necessary in a game this peaceful remains unclear).
Fixed shooting the buttons in the Jordas Trial when they are greyed out prevents players from shooting the buttons after being kicked out of the tunnel.
Fixed Oro Ornament displaying mesh when attempting to place it in an invalid spot in your Landing Craft.
Fixed an elevator panel clipping through a wall in the Corpus Gas City tileset.
Fixed being able to escape the level by traversing a zipline through a wall in the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed launching into Submersible Archwing mode when not required, and breaking movement in the Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed the Taxon Inbox message missing a comma. 
Fixed an issue where having duplicate rooms or decorations would prevent you from entering your Dojo.
Fixed Holster customizations not applying to the Dark Split-Sword.
Fixed experiencing minor latency after making a purchase. 
Fixed Lotus saying her 'Well done, Tenno' VO in wrong situations.
Fixed several Prime Part and Prime accessories not Chat linkable. 
Fixed subtitle of Invasion selection screen breaking into two lines.
Fixed the Mesa Graxx Helmet having blurry textures. 
Fixed Lotus transmissions playing when spawning Lynx in the Simulacrum.
Fixed the reticle turning red when dealing damage. Only the hit indicator turns red when dealing a headshot. 
Fixed the TennoGen Infested Skana skin not applying properly to the Prisma Skana.
Fixed incorrect Nyx Saikou and the Mesa Graxx icons.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.10.1+19.10.1.1
**Date:** 2017-02-14T14:20:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.10.1:
For those players who did not receive the Chroma Blueprint after finishing The New Strange quest, you will now have one in your Inventory upon relogging into the game!
If you do not have a Scanner equipped, scannable plants/objects will display a 'requires Codex Scanner' to give players hints on how to interact with various environment objects. 
You can now access Chat while Ash is performing his Bladestorm.
The Artax is no longer eligible for Riven mods. This weapon does negligible damage on purpose, so most Riven Stats won't positively affect the weapon. Anyone with an existing Artax Riven will keep it as is
you are now the owner of a vintage Mod!
Optimized remastered Braton, Lato and Paris firing sounds for lower frame rates.
Removed a non-functional 'Skill' Statistic from Player Profiles. For too long we've questioned what this meant, and it's finally gone.
Removed erroneous hyphen from Broken-War, it will now forever be just Broken War.
Removed Convergence orbs from appearing in Mastery Rank tests. 
Reduced the firing sound of the Artex Sentinel weapon.
Tweaked phrasing of Blueprint uses to alleviate some confusion (most noticeable for Specter Blueprints).
Tweaked Taxon's Molecular Conversion's damage conversion value (per rank) to 50, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200 (previously 50, 100, 150, 200, 200, 200).
Energy will now be refunded when the target dies between cast and effect on the following Warframe abilities:
Atlas' Landslide
Inaros' Devour
Mag's Magnetize
Nidus' Parasitic Link (Mutation stacks, not energy)
Nyx's Mind Control
Saryn's Spores
Titania's Lantern
Trinity's Well of Life

### Fixes
Fixed Sonicor not causing knock down in Conclave.
Fixed script error preventing Rathuum from functioning.
Fixed script error with Hydroid's Undertow when absorbing a ragdolled enemy.
Fixed script error with Nyx's Absorb ability FX.
Fixed script error when performing a finisher.
Fixed script error when attempting to trade.
Fixed script error that would occur when checking time left on an expired timer during Archwing Rush.
Fixed Orbiter drones not spawning after a Host migration occurred during Archwing Rush.
Fixed Secondary Riven negative Fire Rate affecting Primary Bow Fire Rate.
Fixed Nef Anyo not appearing as Sortie mastermind during Sortie transmissions (was showing The Sergeant instead).
Fixed numerous Braton variants not having a physical magazine. 
Fixed the MK1-Braton not showing its clip after reload.
Fixed the Braton Prime not dropping its clip when using a skin with a clip. 
Fixed being able to apply Operator Skin Tone colors to Warframes.
Fixed the Rathbone Head icon showing a Prime Blade image.
Fixed Sortie-Defense operative being labelled as "hostage" when tagging him with a waypoint as per:
Fixed "repeat mission" not working for Invasions, Void Fissures, and Dark Sectors.
Fixed improper capitalization of 'Fill Airlock' context action in a Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed Prisma Tetra reloading sounds cutting off.
Fixed Grineer Hellion's not releasing a projectile upon being destroyed while active.
Fixed the Courier ship in Archwing Rush appearing warped and flat.
Fixed AI player names in The Index being localized in hosts language.
Fixed a script error when casting Mag's Magnetize. 
Fixed being invulnerable after the first round in The Index.
Fixed Health Orbs spawning below the ground in Rathuum.
Fix an issue that was preventing players from placing decorations in Dojo rooms that don't yet have any decorations.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.10.0
**Date:** 2017-02-09T20:27:14Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Many, many months ago we showed our community something we nicknamed 'baby's first Sentinel'.
This quirky looking Sentinel has arrived, and it serves a very clear purpose: provide new players with an introduction to the Companion System.
New player experience is always on our mind as Developers.
This new Sentinel joining your Arsenal has that exact new-player approach to it's functionality and mechanics.
Say hello to TAXON!
Perhaps Taxon will not replace the Mastery Rank 23 player's beloved Carrier, but please keep in mind that it was created and geared towards new-players who are experiencing Warframe for the first time.
Newly awoken Tenno will gain this Sentinel Blueprint by completing the first Junction between Earth and Venus. If you have already completed this Junction, you will receive Taxon's Blueprint in your Inbox upon login and can be found in the Market for Credits!

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.10.0:
Fixed being killed with 1 health left in Conclave. Considering you weren't actually dead, no Oro was given to the enemy perpetrator which was causing confusion.

### Fixes
Fixed Nvidia PhysX Effects not working when enabled. 
Fixed a script error that occurred in a Lua Spy Sortie mission.
Fixed Clients and new Host not being able to complete Lua Spy room puzzles if a Host migration occurred.
Fixed the Zarr's mini projectiles not sticking to enemies when equipped with Adhesive Blast.
Fixed unintentional DOT from Adhesive Blast on the Ogris, Penta, Secura Penta, and Tonkor.
Fixed Ash continually performing Bladestorm finishers when attempting to melee after casting the ability as Client. 
Fixed unintentionally being able to use Warframe Abilities in the Mastery Rank 19 Test.
Fixed failing the Mastery Rank 19 Test due to dead enemy bodies causing enemies to remain in an 'alert' state.
Fixed not being able to Revive when put into a downed state in a Mastery Rank Test.
Fixed the Atterax not returning to its holstered state after its first use. 
Fixed Ivara's Agile animation resetting to Default when a Bow is equipped.
Fixed not seeing the lightening FX on the Oro Ornament if you had low Particle settings.
Fixed the Daedalus Armor floating away from Nidus when equipped. 
Fixed Excalibur and Limbo having a duplicate skin to equip.
Fixed the Bow Dryad Skin not applying correctly to the Rakta Cernos.
Fixed missing FX on Vor's Janus Key beam during Vor's Prize.
Fixed Mag's Noble and Agile animation stance breaking when equipping dual pistols. 
Fixed level holes in numerous tilesets.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.9.3
**Date:** 2017-02-07T21:51:44Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Optimized several server-side operations to prepare for Baro's arrival this Friday.

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.9.3:

### Fixes
Fixed a number of server-side issues that cropped up after 19.9.2 deployment.
Fixed massive performance issues on Kuva Fortress Defense when walking around and meleeing around the Defense Target.
Fixed certain finishers (e.g. Galatine back stab) teleporting the victim into strange spots (often out of bounds) after the finisher completes.
Fixed a case of players sliding/teleporting really far when performing a ground finisher on enemies (notably with the Redeemer).
Fixed enemies remaining hostile after being spotted during your first try of the Mastery Rank 9 Test. 
Fixed the Helminth Infirmary chair not curing your Warframe of the Cyst.
Fixed Nidus' Market Build tab stating his parts drop from the 'Purify' mission when it's actually the 'Infested Salvage' mission.
Fixed inconsistent terminology and grammar in Maroo's Bazaar and elsewhere.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Settlement tileset.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.9.2 (Phase One: DB Upgrades)
**Date:** 2017-02-07T13:58:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:

### Fixes
Fixed a rare case of players sometimes not unlocking the Focus system when completing The Second Dream, which resulted in progression stoppers during The War Within.
Fixed progression stopper in the Grineer Shipyard tileset caused by missing Mobile Defense consoles.
Fixed a script error when using the Sibear.
Fixed a script error when casting Rhino's Rhino Charge.
Fixed script errors in Broken Scepter and Ivara Quiver with null avatar.
Fixed being able to complete the puzzle phase of The Law of Retribution by going in and out of Transference to occupy numerous pads.
Fixed Clients missing their Archwing weapons when spawning in water at the start of the Sortie mission.
Fixed Ivara's arrows misbehaving after casting her Artemis Bow.
Potential fix for Clients with Hysteria/Exalted Blade/Primal Fury/Artemis Bow active and running into a Nullifier briefly causing complete ability/melee/weapon switch lockout on next cast.
Fixed Automatic weapon removal in 'Weapon Only' Sortie missions stripping players of their Submersible weapons on Uranus.
Fixed numerous Baro Ki'Teer offerings not being Chat linkable.
Fixed mismatched ships appearing in the fly-in cinematics for Clients.
Fixed rare script error in squad overlay when mission gets aborted due to Client not having proper items equipped in loadout.
Fixed Void Fissure Reactant pickups interrupting Melee animations.
Fixed the Proto Glaive Skin not working properly on any thrown Melee weapons and appearing blurry in the Arsenal.
-Fixed missing enemy death FX when using Sobex with Acid Shells as per:
Fixed enemies remaining hostile after being spotted during your first try of the Mastery Rank 9 test.
Fixed Chat issue where users with names that are prefixes for other players names were getting incorrectly notified (e.g. DEMegan getting notified if DEMegan2 gets @'ed)
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Sealab tileset.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.9.1
**Date:** 2017-02-02T22:32:29Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.9.1:
No squatters allowed! You must now participate in Quick Steel to be awarded completion points. 
Added 4 seconds of immunity to knockdown after being knocked down in Quick Steel Conclave Variant.
Added a second Nikana Melee attack after the slam in Quick Steel Conclave Variant.
Increased the flight speed of the Hikou in Quick Steel Conclave Variant.

### Fixes
Fixed Clients not being able to destroy nerves 2 and 3 in The Jordas Verdict stage 3.
Fixed initial objective markering not popping up in The Archwing quest.
Fixed The Archwing extraction during the Balor Formorian phase not initiating when playing in a squad as per: 
Fixed first swing animation not playing for the Sovereign Outcast Tonfa (not Gunblade, lol) Stance Mod. 
Fixed a script error with the Panthera when using the primary fire immediately after stopping the secondary fire.
Fixed script errors with Exalted Blade/Hysteria/Primal Fury.
Fixed Clients gaining invulnerability when using Transference from Warframe to Operator.
Fixed menu automatically closing if you open it within a few seconds of landing in Relay (probably some other levels, too) as per: 
Fixed Inaros getting stuck Devouring a Target until they die if using the "Use Selected Power" key.
Fixed scanner scopes showing weird HUD when used on Landing Craft.
Fixed objective markers in Lua Rescue directing you off into space. 
Fixed not losing wagered Credits when losing a match in The Index Endurance. 
Fixed Frohd Bek's suit appearing as pure black during transmissions.
Fixing missing collision on rock walls in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed Kuva Jesters standing on Kuva Guardian's shoulders when shot with Ivara's Sleep Arrow.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.9.0
**Date:** 2017-02-01T21:04:20Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Don't forget that you can host your own Dedicated Server for Conclaves! Please see here for instructions:

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.9.0:
Server automatically restarts when you are hosting an expired Variant mode.
Hydroid's Tempest Barrage can now be cast while moving and on ziplines.
Waypoints now show total distance to waypoint instead of its own distance from the player.
You can now Chat link Codex secret items if you own them. Other players without the item can then click on the link, but can't link it themselves.
Enabled Trilinear Filtering on a bunch of textures to make it look better on min-spec hardware.
Reduced the size of the Excavation Power Cell marker. 
Increased the first swing animation speed for the Sovereign Outcast Tonfa Stance Mod.
Minor performance improvement to shadow casting lights.
More optimization to improve Relay/Dojo performance.

### Fixes
Fixed a script error with Chroma's Effigy.
Fixed a script error when loading into the Uranus > Neptune Junction.
Fixed using Valkyr's Hysteria/Excalibur's Exalted Blade/Wukong's Primal Fury during a 'Weapon Only' Sortie resulting in "Power In Use" when casting any ability for the remainder of the mission.
Fixed Ivara being left without a weapon after casting Artemis Bow during a 'Bow Only' Sortie.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker not cooperating with 'Weapon Only' Sorties.
Fixed sometimes becoming permanently invincible when using Transference right when the wave ends in Defense missions.
Fixed floating in space without an Archwing in Fortress Sorties.
Fixed running animation being absurdly fast when skipping the fly-in cutscenes in the Relays.
Fixed a problem where a Relic reward choice would not be applied if no players qualified for a Relic reward in the subsequent reward interval in that mission.
Fixed Grineer Rollers getting stuck after attacking.
Fixed an issue with starting The Silver Grove quest from the World State Window.
Fixed some water in the Grineer Forest not playing splishy-splashy sounds when you prance through it.
Fixed Mag's Polarize shrapnel limit not being applied correctly (would sometimes give you one less than the intended limit).
Fixed Lotus saying her "now kill everything that moves" line when she shouldn't in Sabotage Sorties.
Fixed Glyph texture streaming in certain cases.
Fixed the minimap shrinking after clicking "Battle" in a Defense mission and having 'Prefer Overlay Map' enabled.
Fixed incorrectly placed Submersible entrances in the Grineer Sealab tileset. 
Fixed a level hole players could leave level boundaries in the Grineer Settlement and Grineer Sealab tileset.
Fixed Phoenix Renewal (Regeneration Augment Mod) Impact message showing loc tag.
Fixed the 'Can't Sell' UI tag appearing outside the box in certain languages.
Potential fix for Riven Mods not producing correct elemental priority for Clients. 
Fixed a shadow discrepancy in the Grineer Shipyard tileset. 
Fixed incorrect steam sounds playing in the Landing Craft.
Fixed Oberon's Agile akimbo stance using the wrong animation.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.8.1
**Date:** 2017-01-27T17:06:00Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.8.1:
'Weapon Only' Sorties will now auto-unequip disallowed weapon types when loading into the mission instead of having to visit the Arsenal and manually change your loadout before initiating. 
Removed the Mastery Rank based limit to how many Riven Mods you can have. This was changed live yesterday to fix players who did not receive their Riven Mods after purchasing more Riven Slots than 2x their Mastery Rank.
The Earth tileset in Vor's Prize has received a lighting adjustment: 
Removed spawnable Kuva, Sentries, Turrets and Cameras in the Simulacrum.
Added text help explaining how to drop the bomb once you've picked it up to help alleviate confusion on this mechanic.
The vent objective markers are now hidden when there's a bomb that's not being carried to give a more clear priority of when they need to be interacted with.
Bursa spawning is now disabled for the duration of the mission (was previously duration of boss fight). This fixes Bursas following you into the boss fight after triggering the alarm before initiating the boss fight. 
Fixed music changing randomly throughout the boss fight.
Added a sound when switching modes between normal and Variant/practice.

### Fixes
Fixed the Anasa Ayatan Sculpture not being moveable after placing it in the Landing Craft.
Fixed Endless Void Fissure reward screen always showing you the Relic you cracked as your every-five-rounds bonus Relic. You actually get a random Relic of the same tier (that may or may not be the type you cracked).
Fixed a case where if a Client Nidus Parasitic Links a teammate and leaves the game, the HUD buff icon may remain for said teammate.
Fixed Argon Scope, Hydraulic Crosshairs and Repeater Clip not using proper HUD buff icon.
Fixed Sortie reward element saying you've completed the current Sortie even if you haven't finished it yet.
Fixed the Cryopod's Health bar being greyed out while defending it in Asteroid Mobile Defense missions.
Fixed certain enemies being accessible in the Simulacrum (Chroma, Infested Mesa, etc) and secret-Codex entries being visible for certain enemies.
Fixed players stuck in Vor's Prize without the Arsenal Segment. You will receive this Segment on login.
Fixed the Detron Mara having the name switched as Mara Detron.
Fixed Transports from Archwing Rush missing from the Codex.
Fixed numerous Prime accessories and items not being eligible for Chat link
Fixed unnecessary text spacing for Quaro items. 
Fixed script error that could occur in Arsenal with Spira Prime equipped.
Fixed translation errors.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.8.0
**Date:** 2017-01-25T19:24:45Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
When a Mastery Rank-up Test becomes available, a notification will pop-up in your Landing Craft! 
Excavation Power Cells now have a unique minimap icon for those using Loot Radar! 
By dragging a Mod in the Upgrade screen, Polarities now light up to display which Mod matches the respective Polarity: 
Nidus' Pion Alt Helmet has been added to Alerts!

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.8.0:
Visit Simaris in the Relay to obtain this new Mod!
The Anasa Ayatan Sculpture is here! This brand new Sortie exclusive Ayatan has replaced the 2000 Endo reward. This Ayatan can be enhanced to result in more Endo, or placed on your ship! It's base value is 2000 Endo. 
Added Grineer Kuva Fortress Assault and Infested Salvage missions into the Sortie mix.
Sortie missions can now be placed on nodes that may already have an active real time-mission.
Implemented Sortie generation logic that ensures the missions selected don't weigh too heavy on endless variants. 
Fixed a couple of Corpus Lua nodes whose tileset was incorrectly pointing at the Grineer variant.
As an example, take a look at how the Jackal looks now when he's invulnerable:
New spawn locations have been introduced for Ayatan Sculptures in all levels. 
The Credit Boost function for the Secura Lecta has changed. Before, you could get on average 11.6x Credits from kills. This chance has changed and now scales with Mastery Rank. At Mastery Rank 8, you'll get on average 2x Credits from kills. This increase continues with your Mastery Rank. At Mastery Rank 18 you'll get on average 4x Credits from kills (capped). No other changes were made regarding synergies (i.e Chroma's Effigy, etc)
only the weapon's Credit boosting functionality has been touched.
Removed the Credit cost from Maroo's Ayatan to Endo conversion in Maroo's Bazaar.
Increased the drop chances for Mods dropped from Ogma's.
Mines dropped by Mine Osprey are now shootable after the drone drops them (previously you could only shoot them before they were dropped).
In-mission challenges that require killing with a weapon will no longer appear if you can't actually complete them (Sword Alone mode, etc).
Removed the Secondary-kills challenge in Archwing since there are no Archwing Secondary weapons.
Changed the Howl of the Kubrow quest phase description from "Wait for your Kubrow to mature" to "Incubate and mature a Kubrow using the Incubator" as Maturing is now done manually by players. 
Improved the elemental FX of the Ohma's to better follow the animation (most noticeable when holstered).
Tweaked Frost's Snowglobe to improve visibility in dark lit areas, and reduces the density of which can block your view.
Removed Lotus' "Job well done" VO at the end of the Second Dream missions.
MOTD in Player-hosted Dedicated Servers are now limited to 128 characters. 
J3 Jordas Golem's weak points in The Jordas Verdict will now only activate after the Golem has been purged at each new perch. This fixes being unintentionally able to bypass Nerves and kill Golem.
Volt's Discharge no longer causes damage to Golem's weak points in The Jordas Verdict. This was allowing Nerves to be destroyed without completing the prerequisite puzzles.

### Fixes
Fixed mines dropped by Mine Ospreys unintentionally not exploding when the player touches them.
Fixed pick-ups sometimes falling through the ground after being moved by Vacuum or Mag's passive or Greedy Pull ability.
Fixed Host being able to Vacuum around items on Clients' screens and having items be stuck in the air where the Host last Vacuumed them to. Also fixes Clients momentarily pulling items that they couldn't use.
Fixed a case where players would get disconnected and lose all progress when a Hotfix is deployed while they're in a mission.
Fixed Sentinel Ammo Case Mod and Regen not working together (Ammo Case was lost after Regen was used).
Fixed an issue with Carrier's Ammo Case Mod being exploitable. 
Fixed the End of Wave rewards displaying 50 Endo when it was really awarding 250 Endo in Archwing Interception on Caelus
Uranus. 
Fixed The Index Endless mode's starting message being the usual 'elimination round 1 of 3' when it should just say that it's the Endless mode (no multi-rounds here). Also fixes a case where it's possible to skip past the introductory Sark announcement, causing a very awkward intro where there's no sound and players are just staring at the scoreboard for the timeout duration.
Fixed Zanuka having a chance of dropping both the Detron Blueprint and a Detron part (unlike any other Stalker-type enemy).
Fixed Infested Moas not attacking if they were too far away
they will now fire from further and close the distance.
Fixed Infested Moas sometimes teleporting after dodging.
Fixed the Endless Void Fissure Reward screen unpausing the game.
Fixed becoming stuck in place after initiating a handshake. 
Fixes cases where the minimap would reset and stop showing you large chunks of the level you had already explored (this would also occur in large Dojos).
Fixed Warframe's doing a rapid spin when backing out to the Arsenal from the Upgrade screen.
Fixed a rare issue of not receiving the Arsenal Segment after completing Vor's Prize.
Fixed hitching that can occur sometimes when previewing items in the Arsenal's Equip grid.
Fixed Mod and Endo rewards not being listed as 'Identified' in the End of Mission screen when awarded from Spy missions or Caches. 
Fixed The Sergeant's name appearing as "Nef Anyo" when his transmissions popup during Assassination gameplay.
Fixed friendly NPC's (Syndicate Allies, etc) sometimes getting stuck facing walls when attempting to 'Follow' you.
Fixed a script error when using Nova Prime.
Fixed an erroneous conflict message when Fusing Rank 0 Mods that are also equipped on other frames.
Fixed Mesa Specters casting Peacemaker infinitely following your position. 
Fixed being able to ride a Laser Plate out of the level in the Void tileset. 
Fixed missing collision wall texture in the Infested Ship tileset.
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Earth tileset. 
Fixed a level hole in the Grineer Asteroid tileset. 
Fixed numerous translation errors.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.7.2
**Date:** 2017-01-23T14:36:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.7.2:
Updated the Incubator Upgrade Segment description to read "Pets" instead of "Kubrows" so it addresses Kavats as well.
Unified the tint colors on storage lockers so some aren't brighter than others.
Adjusted lighting settings on Corpus objects (doors, consoles, hack panels, etc) to reduce bright white blowouts and improve quality.
Lowered the Ammo pool of Vulkar Wraith in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed a progression stopping issue in the Howl of the Kubrow quest if you died and revived in the mission.
Fixed Warframe abilities lasting forever if Transference is activated at the same time of cast. 
Fixed mismatched ships appearing in the fly-in cinematics as per
Fixed Ohma's lightning beam FX showing up from DoTs when it should just be from actual impacts. 
Fixed being able to continually hack panels in Lua Rescue missions.
Fixed "objective complete" transmission playing as soon as you spot the Defense Target in Sorties.
Fixed the Defense Target not playing "I'm down!" VO when downed in Sorties.
Fixed glowing Corpus cache material in Sabotage missions.
Fixed an issue with the Atomos rumble on controllers.
Fixed mismatched destination ships appearing in mission intro cinematic as per:
Fixed Archwings and Warframes appearing to flicker as per:
Fixed some localization errors.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.7.1
**Date:** 2017-01-19T17:23:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.7.1:
Last night a Nitain Extract Alert went up on PC that awarded no Nitain (how rude!). A 3 hour Nitain Extract Alert was run shortly after and this Hotfix has fixed the internal issue. We apologize for the confusion!
Improved load-times for Maroo, Baro and other transmissions that can get delayed in busy Relays.
The Codex now shows if an item is included in the Daily Tribute offerings.

### Fixes
Reverted "Removed a dead end from the Corpus Ice Planet Interception tileset to improve enemy spawn flow to the towers" as it resulted in unintentionally breaking Europa Excavation. We will revisit this to ensure the next fix doesn't have the same outcome as it stopped people from progressing in quests! 
Fixed a progression stopping bug in The New Strange quest if the Chroma Chassis was received but never built before Specters of The Rail released.
Fixed enemies seeing and reacting to invisible corpses. This issue was most noticeable in stealth challenges which caused them to auto fail on occasion. 
Fixed Vor's enemy spawns during his boss fight not spawning in as 'alert'. Previously they were spawning idle and had to see / hear / investigate the player in the middle of the boss fight. 
Fixed the Quaro Leg Armor not equipping properly on the Frost Harka skin.
Fixed enemies in Vor's Prize remaining stationary at their spawn point indefinitely until they became alert.
Fixed some broken PBR textures in Vor's Prize.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.7.0
**Date:** 2017-01-18T22:29:49Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added diagnostics to aid in solving Login issues that began this week for a small group of players.

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.7.0:
*Acquire the Ohma From the Market today! The Ohma Blueprint can be found in the Market!
Prova is now eligible for Conclave.
More improvements to the Operator's Void Dash aiming.
Removed a dead end from the Corpus Ice Planet Interception tileset to improve enemy spawn flow to the towers.
Reduced the firing sounds of the Redeemer and Sarpa when fired by other players.

### Fixes
Fixed a rare crash when walking or looking around rooms in the Dojo that are queued for construction or destruction.
Fixed Ember's Flash Accelerant Augment not adding Fire Damage to the caster.
Fix the AoE from Nightwatch Napalm Mod doing self-damage when fired during Mirage's Hall of Mirrors as per:
Fixed a script error from an incorrectly placed waypoint in the Grineer Asteroid Defense tileset.
Fixed numerous enemies, objects and Primed Mods that were missing from the Codex.
Fixed a script error when viewing 'Corpus Stasis Mine' in the Codex.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.3
**Date:** 2017-01-17T19:30:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.3:
As you might recall on our last Devstream we mentioned some changes we have made on an infrastructure level for better stability overall and how this has caused some people to get spurious "'Network Not Responding" (NNR) warnings when there was actually nothing wrong.
This build includes a plethora of bug-fixes and optimizations that we hope will improve this situation; we've also continued to add to the diagnostics reported so that we can work with our infrastructure partners to isolate any remaining issues.
We're sorry for any inconvenience this has caused and thank you for your diligent reporting.
The Sheev is now a Grineer Invasion offering!
Enemies no longer receive a mental perception of an attacker, but rather mental perception of the source object. This causes them to play a reaction and become alert, but not have any extra information about the player. Enemies that are shot with projectiles that are silent and/or without a sound effect will now report a visual perception (rather than doing nothing). Previously enemies knew the exact location of their attacker when taking damage, regardless of the source. 
More performance optimizations for the Helminth Infirmary. 
Improved Operator Void Dash aiming and collision on Kuva Clouds to be more forgiving.
Inbox messages for gifts no longer intrude and interrupt gameplay.
Tweaked the Sentinel Regen Mod description to include new invulnerability mechanic. 
Tweaked the Atomos rumbling feedback duration when using a controller.

### Fixes
Fixed script errors (game freezes) when trying to research/contribute to Dojo color pigments.
Fixed a script error with Nezha's Divine Spears when the initial spear damage kills an enemy which causes an explosion (e.g. Volatile Runner) that kills Nezha.
Fixed a script error with Mirage's Prism.
Fixed a script error with the Azima.
Fixed Ammo Case Mod upgrades remaining after death.
Fixed not being affected by Armor deterioration in Infested Salvage/Jordas Verdict when transferring from Operator to Warframe or when playing as the Client. 
Fixed Friends/Clan screen presence information for real-time missions (Alerts, Invasions, Sorties, etc) showing the default mission type of the underlying Star Chart node. 
Fixed no Capture Target spawning in Kuva Siphon missions.
Fixed Capture Targets not scaling with difficulty for real-time missions (Alerts, Invasions, Sorties, etc).
Fixed the Frost Harka skin having a prominent left side bulge. 
Fixed missing Index Mods from the Codex.
Fixed Primed Chamber missing from the Codex for players that own it. Like many time limited items, they only show in the Codex if you own it.
Fixed a handful of missing enemies from the Codex as per:
Fixed incorrect Lotus transmissions during a Kuva Siphon.
Fixed the Investigator Mod description showing unrounded duration values.
Fixed an incorrectly placed texture in the Corpus Ship tileset. 
Fixed numerous localization text errors.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.2
**Date:** 2017-01-13T21:09:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.2:
The Regen Mod (both Primed and regular) now grants temporary invulnerability to Sentinels on revive for a duration of one second + one second per rank of the mod. This means that with a maxed Primed Regen, you could see 11 seconds of invulnerability after the Regen occurs.
Solar Rails and Specter Regiments can now be cancelled while in the 'awaiting contributions' phase in the Dojo.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash when certain enemies try to teleport to Maggots attached to them.
Fixed Regen invulnerability lasting forever in some cases.
Fixed the Crowd Dispersion Mod showing unformatted values in its description.
Fixed more items missing the Build tab in the Market.
Fixed Primed Regen and the Ki'Teer Sugatra missing localized text.
Fixed overlapping text in Russian.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.1
**Date:** 2017-01-13T16:41:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.6.1:
Server-side Invasion Change (live on all platforms as of January 12):
Further optimized network access to help alleviate 'Network Not Responding' issues.
Tweaked visibility of Frost's Snowglobe when a dark Energy color is used.
Tweaked metal textures on the Frost Harka helmet to prevent it from turning flat-black as opposed to a jet-black. 
Reverted the inability to click and view Relic/Arcanes in the Codex that you do not own. You can now view them as you could prior to Update 19.6.0. 
The 'Find and defeat Lephantis in Orokin Derelict' Eris Junction task will now retroactively complete if you have already killed Lephantis. 
The Orokin Derelict will no longer be selected for Alerts and Syndicate missions. This resulted in loading into the normal Derelict mission as opposed to the Alert or Syndicate mission.

### Fixes
Fixed a Dedicated Server crash.
Fixed not being able to progress through The New Strange due to having partially completed the quest before the Specters of the Rail update.
Fixed recasting Nidus' Ravenous not refreshing Duration.
Fixed Nidus losing a Mutation Stack after falling into a pit.
Fixed Nidus being able to use Parasitic Link on disabled Corpus Security Cameras and Turrets.
Fixed script errors with the Kohm and the Dendra Armor.
Fixed Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm sometimes violently throwing ragdolls outside of the world. Should also provide a minor improvement to performance when Tentacle Swarm is active.
Fixed not being able to equip a Burst Laser Riven Mod on the Prisma Burst Laser as per:
Fixed Companions closing the Helminth Infirmary door and trapping you inside.
Fixed some issues with Frost's abilities not applying enough of the chosen Energy color.
Fixed numerous weapons and items not having a 'Build' tab in the Market.
Fixed Kuva Guardian impact sounds not playing for the Host.
Fixed Customization icons in the default colors option sometimes being in the wrong position and greyed out.
Fixed still being prompted to rename your Kubrow after selecting to cancel the renaming process.
Fixed several Kuva enemies and objects missing from the Codex.
Fixed Grineer workers on Ceres missing from the Codex.
Fixed a floating object in the Grineer Settlement extraction area.
Fixed the Vaykor Syandana FX appearing laggy.
Fixed a few translation errors.
The Regen Mod (both Primed and regular) now grants temporary invulnerability to Sentinels on revive for a duration of one second + one second per rank of the mod. This means that with a maxed Primed Regen, you could see 11 seconds of invulnerability after the Regen occurs.

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.6.0 + 19.6.0.1
**Date:** 2017-01-11T23:47:27Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
As stated and shown on Devstream #85, the Helminth Cure is here.
By now, a majority of Tenno have been faced with a persistent and protruding infection on numerous Warframes.
For those with a fully 7-day matured Helminth Cyst, the individual permanent cure awaits you in the Helminth Infirmary.
The completion of Glast Gambit is not required to have your Helminth Cyst removed, and once the cure has been administered that Warframe will not be granted access back into the room and can no longer be infected.
Keep in mind that breeding a Helminth Charger requires a mature Helminth Cyst to be drained
the choice is yours!
Without spoiling too much, we have a script incoming that fixes and applies the proper Alignment choices made in The Glast Gambit between the window of Dec 22 9am ET and Dec 23 10am ET. Further investigation from reports showed that 'Moon' choices gave a 'Neutral' outcome and vice versa during this window (was later fixed).
We will update this post when the script has finished!
Script is complete! Alignment has been corrected for those in the affected time window.
Nidus, Ash Koga Profile and Frost Harka Icons have been added to the Market for purchase!
Added controller shake to Titania's Razorwing ability.

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Update 19.6.0:
Increased the base health of Nidus' Maggots to 1k.
Increased Nidus' Mutation Stack consumption from 10 to 15 when knocked into a bleedout state/death. The task of regaining 10 Stacks is quickly obtainable, making this consequence for dying too light. Although 15 Stacks is not a huge jump, we're hoping it's closer to that sweet spot! 
Entering a Nullifier bubble will now drain down Mutation Stacks the longer you are in the bubble. 
To increase the visibility of Nidus' Maggots, holding down Nidus' Virulence will now display a HUD marker on them. Keep in mind that casting Virulence on Maggots cause them to detonate!
Nidus' Ravenous Maggots no longer auto detonate when feasting on enemies. Previously the Maggots could do a majority of the grunt work and you were able to watch the carnage and gain Stacks at the same time. Now to pop the Maggots you'll need to cast Virulence on them and rejoice in your hard earned Stack accumulation. It's also worth noting that with testing by our team, the Stack rhythm before and after this change wasn't noticed at all. 
Improved the FX of Maggot explosion to better represent the intended area of explosion.
Nidus' Ravenous Maggots will still attack but no longer latch on other Infested Maggots or Kuva Jesters due to awkward animations. 
Fixed FX, Maggots, & Health regeneration while in Ravenous staying around forever if cast by a Client who leaves.
Updated and improved the look of Frost's abilities with fancy new ice textures! 
Further optimized network access to help alleviate 'Network Not Responding' issues.
Players who have reached the Riven Mod capacity can now continue to trade Riven Mods as long as the trade does not result in going over the capacity.
In an effort to address the issue of people not noticing the movement of The Kuva Fortress, we have made the loop completion time odd rather than a 24 hour cycle. Players who were logging in around the same daily time found that the Kuva Fortress would always be roughly in the same position, and was restricting the variety of Kuva Siphon missions available.
When not connected to Steam and viewing a TennoGen item, the price will now read 'Workshop Item' instead of '$0.00'. 
Changed 'Tenno' to 'allies' in the Cat's Eye Mod description. 
Tweaked Nova Asuri Collection description to clarify that the arm/hands FX is not part of the Danavi Syandana, but on cast of Nova's powers. 
Removed ability to see Codex information about Relics you do not own. 
Removed ability to purchase multiple Arcane Distillers from Syndicates since they are now no longer consumed on use.
Vulkar and Vulkar Wraith are now usable in Conclave!
Impair on hit status removed from Opticor in Conclave.
Teshin's Conclave Affinity Inbox message will no longer open automatically. This was resulting in Conclave Affinity being claimed and lost if you were maxed out.
Fixed a tileset hole in the Celestial Ruins Conclave tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed a loss of functionality when attempting to purchase more Riven slots after exiting out of the Mod station and having the Riven menu pop up.
Fixed Health Conversion and Energy Conversion Mod FX not appearing on Clients.
Fixed (for real) Clients not being able to complete the "Find and defeat Lephantis in Orokin Derelict" Eris Junction task.
Fixed performance issues in The Index.
Fixed a script error when your Companion used Regeneration.
Fixed a couple script errors when using Focus abilities.
Fixed a script error that can occur when clicking linked Chat items.
Fixed a script error when casting Equinox's Metamorphosis ability.
Fixed a script error when casting Frost's Ice Wave ability. 
Fixed a script error that prevented Zenurik Magnetic Aftershock from working.
Fixed a script crash if you go near the Operator on your Landing Craft with the Helminth Cyst.
Fixed an issue where if you owned ~18+ Rivens, none of your placed Decorations in your Landing Craft would load when first returning from a mission/logging in.
Fixed Clients not being able to trigger the Kuva Siphon.
Fixed Host Migrations breaking Kuva Siphon gameplay.
Fixed the Atterax floating away from your Warframe at the start of a mission.
Fixed items sometimes being teleported out of Defense levels.
Fixed being able to use weapons with Alternate Fire while in Wukong's Cloudwalker.
Fixed doors on the Landing Craft pushing you out of the world. 
Fixed an issue where if you received a Booster as a Sortie reward, the World State Window would show all Sortie rewards as being owned.
Fixed Client and Host seeing the Javlok in different positions once thrown.
Fixed arrows and bolt projectiles not getting embed in geometry as before.
Fixed some TennoGen items having a UI bug which resulted in them appearing as giftable even though no gifting could actually take place. 
Fixed numerous broken dialogue transmission animations.
Fixed the Helminth Hunt precept Mod having redundant description text.
Fixed not zooming into Quest nodes when selected and initiated from the World State Window. 
Fixed the Kuva Fortress position not setting up correctly every other day.
Fixed a UI issue related to Temporal Anti-Aliasing. 
Fixed the Mesa Longhorn helmet missing it's dangly additions as per:
Fixed enemies being able to attack you during boss cinematic animations. 
Fixed Ordis stating that Captain Vor is on Mercury when he is actually on Earth in Vor's Prize.
Fixed enemies not spawning in high level Corpus Mobile Defense Invasion missions.
Fixed a door appearing to have duplicate textures.
Fixed the Frost Harka Helmet being in inventories without having purchased it.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.7
**Date:** 2017-01-06T21:10:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.7:
Made more diagnostic changes for 'Network Not Responding' messages when our network is actually fine. Players may see this intermittently but rest assured it's not indicative of a widespread network issue. 
Optimized a 'room' in the Landing Craft (being vague for spoilers).
Changed Interception to prevent new players joining right before the round ends (it now locks the mission at the 60% mark).

### Fixes
Players who are dead during extraction are no longer denied their mission rewards.
Fixed a script error caused by lingering Solstice Conclave Glyph references that could break your HUD for the duration of the mission.
Fixed a script error that would occur if you closed the Mission Results screen while going back to your ship.
Fixed NPC Navigation in the Settlement Defense tile that was causing stuck spawns.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.6+19.5.6.1
**Date:** 2017-01-04T22:09:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.6:
Unlimited gifting has been reverted back to it's original limit in conclusion of Tennobaum! Thanks for your honorable, giving spirit, Tenno. You've spread great happiness throughout the Warframe community and to children and their families beyond. We couldn't be more proud!
Infested Melee enemies should now do a better job of attacking Defense Targets on Uranus
Ur. 
Added logging to help identify why some players have slow access to our network leading to a "Network Not Responding" messages when our network is actually fine.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash in the Jordas Verdict as a result of weapon trails. 
Fixed a crash in the Orokin Derelict.
Fixed instances of enemies not spawning in The Jordas Verdict, Law of Retribution, and Infested Salvage. 
Fixed running through space as the Operator after exiting Jordas in Operator mode in The Jordas Verdict. 
Potential fix for instances of constant 'Session Full' prompts (we are still investigating this).
Fixed being able to run Orokin Derelict missions without respective keys. 
Fixed "Find and defeat Lephantis in Orokin Derelict" Eris Junction task only completing if the Assassination Key was used to run the mission.
Fixed (for real this time) negative Status Duration from Rivens resulting in infinite status.
Fixed "Open 3 Caches during any Sabotage mission on Uranus" Neptune Junction task not completing.
Fixed screen consuming darkness as a result of having TAA enabled. 
Fixed Dedicated Server not restarting the Launcher properly when an Update is required.
Fixed Landing Craft doors pushing you out of the material plane. 
Fixed various issues with the Ascaris Bolt in Vor's Prize.
Fixed part of Zarr's muzzle flash showing up in the Arsenal when applying colors.
Fixed some firing effects not showing up for the Zarr.
Fixed changes to TAA Sharpen and Bloom Intensity not reverting when choosing not to save settings.
Fixed absent transmissions causing a progression stopping bug in The Index.
Fixed Nekros and Frost Idle sounds when using their animation sets with other Warframes.
Fixed a script crash in Ash's Teleport ability.
Fixed a rare progression stopping bug in The Index if players are losing but then score enough to win just before the round ends.
Fixed excessive Bloom on the Solstice Conclave Emblem.
Fixed an escapable hole in the ceiling of the Landing Craft.
Fixed an unintentional locked door in the Second Dream quest.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.5
**Date:** 2017-01-03T23:30:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.5:
Generic Ordis transmissions in the Landing Craft and Void Fissure tutorial transmissions can now be disabled by turning off 'Enable Hint Transmissions' in the Audio Menu.
The Index missions are no longer required as part of Neptune's completion.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash with certain weapons caused by Rivens with worse than -100% Multishot.
Fixed a crash that would sometimes occur by Nidus' Maggots exploding when latched onto an enemy.
Fixed not being able to fully unlock Neptune due to The Index.
Fixed Corrosive Status Effects being cancelled due to -100% status duration. 
Fixed -100% Reload Speed making weapons reload instantly.
Fixed another case of negative Ammo Capacity Rivens leading to infinite Ammo. 
More fixes for navigation issues in the Orokin Derelict tileset. 
Fixed Warframes sometimes having their posture changed via Transference.
Fixed being unable to switch back to your Warframe if killed during Transference.
Fixed HUD elements being excessively scrambled if you had very high Health+Overshields compared to your max (most commonly seen in The Index).
Fixed a few problems that would occur from using a Riven with Fire-Rate worse than -100%.
Fixed incorrect Helminth Charger Codex entry.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.4
**Date:** 2017-01-03T18:58:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added an experimental 'TAA Sharpen' slider as a new option under Display. This slider sharpens the image after Temporal Antialiasing!

### Changes
The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.4:
Fire and Ice Vault Relics have been removed from the drop tables and Relic packs and are back in the Vault. Until next time, Tenno! Who knows what the summer will bring?
Changed Nidus' Parasitic Link and Ravenous ability stat description from 'ADAPTATION STACKS COST' to 'MUTATION STACKS COST'.
Increased the brightness of both Nidus' Ravenous Maggot tails and their death FX to improve visibility.
Improved Nidus' Maggot visibility if performance was suffering.
Nidus' Larva will now release an enemy if it fails to ragdoll them within 3 seconds. Before, enemies that were considered ragdoll immune (not including enemies trapped in Bastille) resulted in the inability to cast Larva again due to Larva staying perpetually latched to the enemy.
Nidus' Larva no longer latches enemies trapped in Vauban's Bastille.
Fixed a crash caused by Nidus' Parasitic Link ability.
Fixed Nidus' alternate animation sets displaying placeholder text.
Fixed Nidus' Larva getting destroyed by high damage Quanta alt fire.
Fixed being able to heal Defense Targets with Nidus' Ravenous ability.
Banshee's Echo Helmet (TennoGen) is now untradable, as are all other TennoGen items. This was never intended to be possible. 
Changed the default Solar Chart region zoom to Earth instead of Mercury.
Codex scanner sounds can now be heard while using Loki's Invisibility.
Loki's Invisibility will now properly reduce the volume of some background sounds.
Improved cloth physics of both the Salix and Winter Solstice Salix Syandana.
Reduced volume and cleaned up audio of Synoid Simulor when being used by other players.
Removed 'Hasten Coil' from Volt's Speed ability description as the Hasten Coil was removed awhile back.
Invalid Chat item links no longer reset your Chat cooldown in the Trade Channel.
Adjusted Charged Javlok throw return to holster time to be the same as its quick throw in Conclave.
Increased Nidus' Virulence width to 3m in Conclave. This also improves the ability to better hit enemies moving through it.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash caused by Equinox's Metamorphosis ability.
Fixed Operators having an "infection" which resulted in a crash and was not intended.
Fixed a script error caused by Ash's Bladestorm ability. 
Fixed a script error caused by initiating a Focus ability. 
Fixed a script error caused by Loki's Switch Teleport ability. 
Fixed an 'Out of Memory' script error.
Fixed various script errors during a Dedicated Server session.
Fixed Secondary Riven Mod Fusion cost being lower than intended.
Fixed negative Status Duration from Rivens resulting in infinite status.
Fixed negative Ammo Capacity Rivens leading to infinite Ammo.
Fixed negative Damage Rivens healing enemies. Also fixes negative Crit Multiplier doing the same.
Fixed Status Effects visually (i.e Corrosive green electricity-like substance) lasting forever as a result of having 0% Status Duration. 
Fixed bad Grineer face textures in the Tutorial cutscene.
Fixed being able to Desecrate friendly Shadows in The Jordas Verdict.
Fixed incorrect description on Primed Chamber. 
Fixed UI-lockup that would occur if you scrolled a busy chat window to the top after it had more than 200 messages scroll by.
Fixed various spawning issues with Syndicate Medallions and Rare Containers. 
Fixed Kubrows not having their collar automatically equipped after being matured.
Fixed Uranus Ariel and Desdemona having incorrect locations set on their nodes.
Fixed very fast Volts not building up Static Discharge.
Fixed numerous navigation issues in the Orokin Derelict and Corpus Ice Planet tileset.

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.3
**Date:** 2016-12-23T18:20:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Increase Antiserum drop rate for 4 player squads in Infested Salvage
Reduced Armor drain & damage at 0 Armor in Infested Salvage

### Fixes
Full information on The Glast Gambit: Update 19.5 can be found here:
EDIT: Both of these scripts are complete. All affected accounts should be updated.
Fixed some spawning issues in Infested Salvage
Fixed Armor not resetting after respawn in Infested Salvage
Fixed points scored in the last round not counting towards your Wager score in the Index
Fixed some of the Index Noggles (note: if you placed Derim Zahn, M-WAM, or Tia Mayn before the hotfix you just need to place it again to fix the mesh used).

## The Glast Gambit: Hotfix 19.5.1 + 19.5.2
**Date:** 2016-12-22T20:02:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added Polish translations to the launcher

### Changes
The Index sessions will now lock after 1 minute, preventing new players from joining
Neewa's third picture changed to match the others
Adjusted spawns in Infested Salvage to be more evenly spread
Decryption now scales with the number of players (less players = faster decryption)
Increased Antiserum drop frequency for squads of 2 to 4 players
Increased the heal rate of Nidus' passive in Conclave
Reduced value of Antiserum Injector Fragments from 25 to 5 credits.

### Fixes
Full information on The Glast Gambit: Update 19.5 can be found here:
Fixed Conclave script error with pickups
Fixed Nidus' Symbiotic Link being able to stun bosses
Fixed colony door messages not showing for clients in The Glast Gambit
Fixes indestructible tumors for clients in The Glast Gambit
Fixed typo in 'Vaporizer' 
Fixed disappearing Nidus Larva
Fixed bug that was causing missing UI elements in Infested Salvage
Fixed Rivens showing as uncommon instead of common Sortie Rewards
Fixed stance polarity for Hirudo and added an extra Madurai polarization
Partial fix for a prog stopper in the Index
Fixed script error when clients try to cast Ravenous after their previous cast was nullified
Fixed several other script errors
Fixed a progression bug when aborting in The Glast Gambit
Fixed improper enemy scaling in the colony portion of The Glast Gambit
Fixed various Loc
Fixed a bug with inbox icons that was caused by large inbox histories
Fixed undiscovered Kavats showing in the codex
Fixed script error with Iron Skin
Fixed script error with Metamorphosis
Fixed missing zone attributes in Shipyard
Fixed distilling extractors displaying over 100% health
Fixed Nidus alt helmet being incorrectly included with Nidus purchase
Fixed Operator power script error
Fixed Nidus Larva not appearing for clients and slime FX on enemy not being removed
Fixed script crash in Relay/Landing Craft
Fixed bug with bow reloading between shots
Fixed Virulence going through enemies without hitting them
Fixed the timer in the Index being hidden behind the UI
Fixed automatic Quest progression in The New Strange
Fixed the "Sell" popup when collecting extractors (Are you sure you want to keep those?)
Fixed a script error in the Index Endurance mode caused on host migration
Fixed Endurance Mode timer breaking on host migration
Fixed Infested getting stuck in spawn room in Infested Salvage
Fixed The Glast Gambit not properly registering alignment choice

## The Glast Gambit: Update 19.5
**Date:** 2016-12-22T14:13:09Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added an option to specify custom Dedicated Server settings type in the Launcher

### Changes
Tiberon 30 to 21
mk1 braton 60 to 25
braton 45 to 30
Braton Prime 75 to 35
Braton Vandal 50 to 30
Boltor 60 to 30
Boltor Prime 60 to 36
Telos Boltor 90 to 42
Gorgon 90 to 60
Gorgon Wraith 90 to 60
Prisma Gorgon 120 to 80
Grakata 60 to 40
Prisma Grakata 120 to 50
Karak 30 to 20
Karak Wraith 60 to 35
Soma 100 to 50
Soma Prime 200 to 70
Dera 45 to 25
Dera Vandal 60 to 35
Hind 65 to 40
Buzlok 75 to 40
Supra 180 to 80
Tetra 60 to 40
Prisma Tetra 60 to 40
Stradavar 65 to 30
Amprex 100 to 40
Flux Rifle 200 to 30
Glaxion 300 to 50
Synapse 100 to 35
Mk1 Furis 35 to 20
Furis 35 to 20
Dual Furis 70 to 40
Dex Furis 100 to 50
Cestra 60 to 30
Dual Cestra 100 to 60
Secura Dual Cestra 100 to 60
Kohmak 40 to 30
Dual Kohmaks 80 to 60
Azima 75 to 30
AkSomati 70 to 30
Atomos 50 to 30
Twin Grakatas 120 to 60
AkJagara 24 to 12
Akzani 100 to 50
Embolist 100 to 50
Gammacor 100 to 30
Synoid Gammacor 150 to 50
Nukor 50 to 35
Spectra 80 to 40
damage for these weapons has also been rebalanced to compensate

### Fixes
You can find this new mission type on Oestrus, Eris!
*Nidus Profile Icon will release in a future update
A bloodsucker. This symbiotic burst-rifle leeches health to forge its ammo and then restores health with each headshot
HIRUDO
Rip into the enemy with fists of razor sharp cartilage. Steals health with each critical hit.
A sinuous spine of Infested anatomy.
Show your holiday cheer with an assortment of five new holiday-themed Glyphs!
Fixed % display for Winds of Purity
Fixed several weapon augments that had flat numbers changed to percents 
Fixed equip visible range being wrong in some resolutions
Fixed Nullifier bubbles providing invisible protection when the nullifier is not alerted (and therefore has their bubble deactivated). 
Fixed deactivated/destroyed bubbles providing a small area of power nullification around the nullifier. 
Fixed Corrupted Nullifiers having an invisible bubble always, that sometimes gets left behind.
Fixed Archwing in Jordas Verdict bug
Fixed Missing Smeeta Kavat icon and wrong Adarza icon
Fixed no reload bug in Conclave that affected some weapons
Fixed Sicarus Prime having wrong values in Conclave
Fixed Ash Carabid & Banshee Echo helmets not being improved by Arcanes 
Fixed inadvertent Vulkar Riven Mod nerf. 
Fixed hitch when viewing genetic imprints
Fixed script error when using Transference
Fixed Kuva being collectible by non-operator

## The War Within: Update 19.4.2 + 19.4.2.1
**Date:** 2016-12-20T23:37:56Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added translated subtitles on The War Within Quest ending screen. 
Added ability to purchase Decorations from the placement selection screen in Decorator Mode.
Added the ability to run multiple (up to 6) Dedicated Server processes from the launcher.
Added an option to specify what Dedicated Server settings type to use when setting one up. 
Added a new UI animation on abilities icons that are currently active

### Changes
Removed Nitain from Sortie Reward table and added 3-day Boosters in its place.
Changed Exilus Adapter BP reward to a fully-crafted Exilus Adapter
Reduced length of "endless" mission variants as follows: 
Survival
was 15 minutes, now 10 minutes 
Excavation
was 1000 cryotic, now 500 cryotic.
You can now choose to play with just your Clan by selecting the new "Clan Only" button! 
Removed the health boost from Mesa's Passive in Conclave
Armored Evade Conclave Mod damage resistance increased to 40% while dodging (-20% Slide changed to -10% Mobility)
Bladestorm Conclave cost s 100 Energy for the first Mark only. 
Changed the name of the "Staggered" Conclave Status to "Impaired"
Distilling Arcanes no longer consumes a distiller
Buffed base damage from 30 to 40
Increased Crit chance from 10% to 20% and Crit multiplier 1.5 to 2
Increased Clip Size from 21 to 24.
Changed Nullifier Bubbles to be deactivated when they aren't alert. Hurray stealth! 
Improved the ability for arrows from Bow weapons to hit and deal damage to Nullifier Bubbles. 
Removed the ability for Nullifier Bubbles to be dispelled by Radial Damage.
Added ability to Link owned Riven Mods in Chat, but [riven mod] should still be used if more than one Riven Mod with the same name is owned, otherwise it will always link the first one it finds.
Removed possible Riven Mod Challenge that requires players to kill Sentients while aim-gliding.
Disposition has been reduced for the following weapons:
Soma
Simulor
Tonkor
Disposition has been increased for the following weapons:
Flux Rifle
Tetra
Panthera
Mitter
Buzlok
Harpak
Mutalist Quanta
Tiberon
Attica
Added wrinkle maps to various NPCs.
Added various PBR updates.
Added various QoL tweaks to Holster Customization, including ones allowing players to see results better in real time. 
Changed the message displayed in-mission when ranking up an item from "Level Up" to "Rank Up" for consistency.
Removed "View start cinematic" button when viewing a Quest in the Codex that hasn't been set to active.
Moved the "Player Ready" icon to appear above the Player's username in the Trial Squad screen to prevent Muted UI from blocking it as per this thread:
Changed textures on the Sari Syandana to match those on the skirt of Oberon's Feyarch Deluxe Skin.
Changed Sari Syandana and Spitfire Syandana to be closed by default, but will open when Bullet Jumping or Aim Gliding. Appendages will now close after 5 seconds, during weapon fire, or when opening the menu. 
Optimized various Trinity Prime textures. 
Improved overall Arsenal display alignment with the search bar, item grid, and selected Loadout item. 
Changed enemy spawns for Alator Node on Mars to have a mix of enemies more suited to Interception.
Removed Gas Damage as a trigger for Grineer Shrapnel Mines. 
Added a short cooldown between Void Mode activations to prevent spam.
Improved the ability for Hosts using the Broken Scepter to find and drain enemies killed and ragdolled by Clients. The nearest ragdolled and killed enemy will be flagged.

### Fixes
The War Within: Update 19.4.2 is now live!
As mentioned in the [PC Status Thread] Update 19.5: The Glast Gambit, update notes are pending as this was a rather sizable update and we want to assure we have everything accounted for. We also have our eyes peeled for any major bugs
please report them in this thread.
We thank you for your patience. This OP will be edited when the notes have been completed.
Hotfix notes will be coming with the Update 19.4.2 notes. We're still working away at it, thanks again for your patience!
Fixed various Loc issues.
Fixed Focus Boost UI from appearing in Cinematics if the countdown begins just before the cutscene is triggered.
Fixed Kuva Cord Sugatra not attaching properly to the Twin Basolk.
Fixed Kuva Chest Plate clipping on Saryn, Mirage, Valkyr, Trinity and their Prime variants.
Fixed a bug with the Gear Wheel in the Arsenal showing infinite Glyph Prisms as having only 1.
Fixed Holster Attach Part slider not working properly with controllers.
Fix a script error that happened when Eximus or Scrambus were ragdolled at the moment they gain their Aura Trigger.
Fixed a bug with Projectile Weapons where low Accuracy and Multishot Mods caused Projectiles to fly in unintended directions.
Fixed a script error that prevented Players from placing new Decorations in their Dojo.
Fixed the Daman Sugatra coloring incorrectly in the Arsenal. 
Fixed Holster appearing on the ground between the feet of Cephalon Suda Operatives wielding Gammacors. 
Fixed Bubble activate effects appearing in the wrong spot on Nullifiers. 
Fixed incorrect grammar in Valkyr's Passive ability description.
 Fixed a bug that prevented players from purchasing a Focus Lens in the Lens installation menu if they already own at least one Lens. 
Fixed a bug that made the Chat behave strangely when linking Riven Mods. 
Fixed the fire rate issues for the Mutalist Carrier Osprey to ensure consistency across different behaviors.
Fixed Acrid's dissolve ending too early, preventing corpses from being destroyed.
Fixed a progress stopper during the Lephantis fight where players would find themselves stuck on the first stage with nothing to attack. 
Fixed an issue where one player will hang when four players accept an invite to a squad.
Fixed issue that prevented the placement of Decorations in Decorator Mode while sprinting, and that prevented sprinting while placing decorations in the Landing Craft. 
Fixed an issue with inconsistent weapon accuracy and spread when switching between hip-fire and aiming with Accuracy Mods equipped.
Fixed script error that occurs when swapping out a Mod for nothing in the Upgrade Screen.
Fixed script error in Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed a script error that occurred when entering and backing out of a Law of Retribution lobby in the Landing Craft.
Fixed forced capitalization of letters that appear after accented characters when Linking in Chat. 
Fixed performance issues with the Grinner Shrapnel Mines in the Grineer Asteroid Fortress tileset.
Fixed Security Cameras continuously looping turn sound even after being destroyed. 
Fixed a bug that allowed Hosts to invite friends to their Squad in-game when in Solo mode, resulting in a loss of functionality for both parties. 
Fixed a hitch that would occur on login and when exiting the Codex if The War Within Quest is in the Codex and no other Quests are active. 
Fixed a hole in the Grineer Tileset where players could escape the level using Titania's Razorwing. 
Fixed Life Support Modules spawning in mid-air on certain Nodes. 
Fixed a bug that caused players to always pick up Health Orbs, regardless of their Health status, if their Companion is dead.
Fixed stat change UI bug when Upgrading a Mod that resulted in too many decimal points. They have now been limited to a maximum of 2. 
Fixed an issue where performing a handshake during a mission could equip your Melee weapon in hand instead of your Primary or Secondary (if equipped). 
Fixed the PBR on Trinity Prime's body to better match her helmet and extras.
Fixed positioning of the Pyra Prime Syandana on all Warframes to make it more centered on the Warframe's back. 
Fixed positioning of the Kogake and Obex to be symmetrical. 
Fixed Relic search terms to apply when switching Eras in the Void Relic Refinement screen, instead of requiring players to re-enter them. 
Fixed an issue where scrolling down the Relic list with a search term applied would cause the scroll to always jump back to the top of the grid.
Fixed missing stats in various Mod descriptions
Fixed rotation of the Aegis to better fit the arm of all Warframes. 
Fixed the Sari Syandana opening animation to match the opening end position. 
Fixed Lech Kril's hammer turning invisible. 
Fixed a bug triggering a weird cinematic during Lech Kril's Assassination mission. 
Fixed Maroo not staying down after she is defeated in the Capture mission for the Stolen Dreams Quest.
Fixed players with names beginning in "-" having no access to Clan moderation privileges.
Fixed Kubrow and Kavat mini-map markers disappearing on Grineer Shipyard Defense missions. 
Fixed Operators being shown with default Cosmetics when viewing another player's Profile. 
Fixed missing sound FX for Operator steps. 
Fixed a bug that trapped the player in Operator mode after Transferring to Operator just as their Warframe dies.
Fixed a bug that allowed Operators to pass through walls and out of the map when using Transference.
Fixed hacking panels being rendered permanently unusable if an Operator is killed while hacking it. 
Fixed formatting in error message when equipping a Riven Mod that is above the Player's Mastery Rank.
Fixed players not able to cancel Riven Mod Links.
Fixed an issue with the Grineer Guardsmen not dealing any damage. 
Fixed dying to a Golden Maw leaving behind a large white sphere. 
Fixed shots to the body of Kuva Fortress turrets counting as headshots. 
Fixed a bug that allowed Operators to gain huge speed boosts using an exploit in the Golden Maw's cave. 
Fixed Operator getting stuck with the Void effect after using Void Walk and Transference in a specific sequence. 
Fixed players being stuck as their Operator if Transference is used when falling out of the map.
Fixed loss of ability to jump when using Transference during a Wall Hang.
Fixed collision issue resulting in continuous teleporting in the Grineer Aesteroid Fortress tileset.
Fixed Broken Scepter in The War Within not inheriting player colours. 
Fixed issues with Riven Mod linking in non-English languages.
Fixed a bug that prevented Ivara's Cloak Arrow bubble from disappearing if a player uses Transference while inside. 
Fixed Operators being affected by the Cloak Arrow bubble until they Transfer back into their Warframe.
Fixed drain effect and color from Broken Scepter not showing on enemies burned by Ember. 
Fixed a script error that would destroy enemies ragdolled by Broken Scepter. 
Fixed an issue where if you killed Teshin's Specter in the first mission of The War Within Quest he would not fall to the ground, but rather stay in his standing/active animation. 
Fixed Teshin's Specters attack priority in The War Within Quest. 
Fixed missing note on the Open Slot requirement for Helios in the Arsenal.
Fixed Javlok not keeping appearance customization when thrown.
Fixed a crash that could occur when Glaives and similar Weapons hit ragdolled enemies.
Fixed EoM script error.
Fixed Tonfa Regression.

## The War Within: Update 19.4 + 19.4.1
**Date:** 2016-12-16T17:50:13Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
You can now acquire a Hyekka Gene-Masking Kit! (Kavat armor unavailable for the Hyekka for now while we work on setting it up)
Look for the new Grineer Workers in the remastered Shipyard!
Orokin Derelict Node completion will now track properly on the Solar Map with a blue flashing indicator for those you have not completed! However, nodes will not be retroactively shown as 'complete', so they'll all show blue until completed again.

### Changes
Weapons with infinite clip will now show infinite icon instead of 0 
The UI will no longer show level or affinity bar with items that don't have a level or affinity
Kuva Cycle cost now capped at 3500 (as per our workshop here)
Tweaked the gain on various loud weapons
Buffed Prosecutor health
Tweaked reverb settings in the Grineer Shipyard

### Fixes
Stand out with these new items!
Set your enemies in flames with the Javlok. Complete this loadout by adding the Laddak Cloak and Boloket Sugatra. Customize your Warframe with a new round of community-created TennoGen items on the Steam Workshop!
LADDAK CLOAK
Fashioned with spare field components, this Cloak is an example of rarely seen creativity within the Grineer ranks.
BOLOKET SUGATRA
Fashioned by frontline grunts, this military-grade weapon embellishment was built to withstand the stresses of combat.
Add these new additions to your Arsenal by visiting the in-game Market today!
Ash Carabid Helmet by artarrwen
Atlas Telamon Helmet by artarrwen
Banshee Echo Helmet by Rekkou
Chroma Vojnik Battle-Damaged Skin by Volkovyi
Ember Graxx Skin and Helmet by Faven_PS
Frost Emperor Skin and Helmet by Hitsu San
Nyx Graxx Skin and Helmet by Faven_PS
Saryn Graxx Skin and Helmet by Faven_PS
Sari Syandana by malayu
Spitefire Graxx Syandana by Faven_PS
Don't feel like creating content? You can still vote on your favorite submissions for our next round of TennoGen and increase the chance of getting them in the game!
Purchase these items by logging in to Warframe through Steam and visiting the 'Steam' tab in the in-game Market.
And a big thank you for such a wonderful year of Tennogen!
Watch the Conclave for fun new variant modes coming soon!
Variant modes can now be selected by a new toggle button!
Fixed a crash when running out of energy when using an energy drain ability while playing as the Operator
Fixed a progression stopper in The War Within
Fixed Loki's Invisibility while switching to Operator
Fixed issue with Halikar's visual effects
Fixed Titania Solstice skin visual bug after exiting Razorwing
Fixed Pet imprint previews overlapping when quickly clicking through list
Fixed conditional Mod buffs being activated by Operator power. 
Fixed Operator mode causing buffs to last forever
Fixed Drekar Ballista Eximus diorama lighting in the Codex
Fixed the flashlight on the Twin Grakatas & Dual Cestra
Fixed color issue on the Officium Syandana while looking at the Solar Map
Fixed Volt's passive being affected by the Operator
Fixed Sari Syandana covering up the Menu
Fixed some unreleased Corpus Cosmetics from showing in the Market
Fixed infested maggot DoT and slow debuff not being removed from Saryn if she uses Molt while they are attached.
Fixed missing arm attachments in Frost Emperor skin
Fixed extra stat appended to end of Heavy Caliber description
Fixed potential art crash in Shipyard
Fixed out of bounds in Shipyard being placed in valid gameplay space.
Fixed Grineer workers needing different numbers of scans to complete (they should all require 10 now)
Fixed a progstop in TWW final Queen fight
Fixed snow showing during fly-in cinematics
Fixed being unable to remove some items from Wishlist

## The War Within: Hotfix 19.3.2 + 19.3.2.1
**Date:** 2016-12-13T19:17:37Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added some helpful text to unacquired Quests in the Codex! 
Added Transference Suit Energy Color for your Operator's Abilities!

### Changes
The Quest section of the Codex now displays prerequisites respective to each Quest, and uncompleted Quests appear blurred out!
The number of items received from purchasing or crafting items that give more than one of it is now indicated in the UI (i.e Specter Blueprints from Syndicates, Synthesis Scanners from Simaris, etc).
Market items that contain more than 1 copy of the item have been updated so that buying 1 will not break up the unit prices but will display total amount you will receive. Buying more than 1 will show the unit price, total price, and total amount received. 
Quests will now be sorted in the Codex by recommended order of completion. 
Removed the "flashlight" from Akstiletto & Akstiletto Prime for performance reasons
Removed The New Strange as a requirement for starting Simaris dailies. 
Explosions on enemy death caused by Vulcan Blitz and Acid Shells mods will now properly alert enemies.
Hid Rathuum Broadcasters from Enemy Radar to avoid confusion.

### Fixes
Riven Mod Additions/Changes/Fixes:
For those of you who have reached the max Riven Capacity, you can now increase your Riven Capacity by purchasing additional Slots. Visit the market to get a bundle of three slots for 60 Platinum. The maximum capacity is still capped at 60 Riven Slots total for technical reasons. 
Cycle will now prompt you to choose on next login if you crash while choosing. 
A player cannot be traded a Riven if they are already at max capacity. 
Cycling can now be done repeatedly without the need to close & open again.
Fixed bug when trying to dissolve a Veiled Riven Mod
Fixed getting locked in Riven reveal screen when pressing esc/back too early
Fixed an issue that could cause an auto-ban for selling a Riven
Rivens will now show the reveal screen on next login if you crash before returning to your Landing Craft
Fixed a couple memory leaks and offset damage triggers with Vauban's Tesla Link Augment Mod.
Fixed Energy Reduction Sortie Modifier not being applied to Warframes.
Fixed Growing Power and Empowered Blades no longer working after using a Focus ability. Should also fix it not working in the Simulacrum if you have it equipped and then open the Arsenal.
Fixed Auras applying twice when using a Focus ability.
Fixed script error when owning certain Landing Craft skins.
Fixed a crash that occurred when clicking on a halfway visible Chat linked text. 
Fixed softlock when clicking Swap Images button if you don't have any Fan Art or Fragments unlocked.
Fixed various Loc issues.
Fixed various issues with Chat links.
Fixed a bug in The War Within that would make the lasers stop working in the Archwing portion.
Fixed some Orokin and Derelict doors being inadvertently blue. 
Fixed a bug that would prevent some players from completing a Junction after winning the battle. 
Fixed Warframe abilities affecting Operators & switching to operator will no longer deactivate currently active abilities (still WIP with more fixes coming).
Fixed exploit with Phoenix Renewal Augment.
Fixed Infiltrate Augment's speed increase infiltrating on to Focus powers. 
Fixed a bug that would cause syndicate assassins to only attack player's Operator.
Fixed defense turrets being destructible on Kuva Fortress. 
Fixed players not showing up on minimap in Relays & Maroo's Bazaa.
Fixed a few issues on sealab tileset.
Fixed Mesa's Shooting Gallery not functioning.
Fixed crash that could occur when deactivating a warframe ability.
Fixed incorrect colors appearing on Sigils.
Fixed infested Maggots continuing to feed off their victims even after being destroyed.
Fixed dedicated server stats not tracking properly.
Fixed loss of functionality that could occur when transferring to Operator.
Kuva Siphon missions are now locked sooner to prevent players from joining after event has completed.

## The War Within: Hotfix 19.3.1
**Date:** 2016-12-07T23:58:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Added Lotus tutorial transmissions to Spy missions, Survival missions, and Void Fissure missions. Fun fact: there is an option in your in-game Audio settings titled 'Enable Hint Transmissions' (previously was 'Enable Tutorial Transmission'). Enabling this will give you those Lotus 'help' transmissions that play throughout the mission, and disabling it prevents them from playing. 
Added proper localization to Stand United, Precision Munition, Thundermiter, Draining Gloom and Heartseeker Mods.

### Changes
The War Within: Hotfix 19.3.1:
Changed the 'Enable Tutorial Transmission' Audio option to 'Enable Hint Transmissions'.

### Fixes
Fixed Health Orbs and Ammo not respawning for the entire game after falling victim to Mirage's Sleight of Hand.
Fixed Dedicated Servers in Recruit Conditioning matches allowing all Mods to be used.
Made another fix for Clients getting incorrect/no reward if a Fissure expires before the player rejoins from a crash or disconnect.
Fixed players not receiving the Relic rewards at each wave cycle at End of Mission.
Fixed memory/object leak with Vauban's Vortex and Simulor.
Fixed the dangly bits on the Rashasi Polearm Skin constantly duplicating each time the weapon is equipped. This resulted in a significant increase in CPU time. 
Fixed a rare script crash in Vauban's Tesla if the entity it attached to was killed within a quarter-second of attachment.
Fixed an unreachable Syndicate Medallion spawn in the Uranus tileset. 
Fixed some enemies getting stuck in their patrol animation. 
Fixed incorrectly placed objects and out-of-bound teleporters in the Corpus Gas City tileset. 
Fixed a script error when joining a Void Fissure Mission.
Fixed a crash that would occur if a Corpus Tech tried to spawn his Drone and it failed. 
Fixed Market music overlapping when Master volume is set really low.
Fixed the fullscreen map shifting off screen on larger resolutions. 
Fixed numerous localization issues.

## The War Within: Update 19.3.0
**Date:** 2016-12-06T19:03:37Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Take on the fight of fire and ice. The Prime Vault is now opening bringing back Ember and Frost Prime available for a limited time. Joining them are the return of other high-demand Vaulted Prime Accessories and Weapons, packaged together with discounted Platinum!
Get these packs here before they are gone!
New limited time Relics have been added to drops and Relic Packs that contain the Prime items from the Fire and Ice Prime Vault. You can see all the details of the Relics in your Codex!

### Changes
The War Within: Update 19.3.0:
Minor load time performance improvements to loading times!
An "Accolades" category has been added to the Profile screen to identify Staff, Senior Guides of the Lotus, Junior Guides of the Lotus, and Founders by their Badges. Example:

Spoiler
Removed headshot multiplier and reduced the damage of the Seer in Conclave.
Added an option to change your server's matchmaking region without having to mess with your Profile.

### Fixes
Fixed Kavat Genetic Codes from Alerts not being given out in intended quantities. Alerts will now grant 5 Kavat Genetic Codes.
Fixed Orokin Derelict missions appearing as "Assassination, Levels 1-1" when hovering over them in the Star Chart.
Fixed the Leaderboard UI not filling the space available with information. 
Fixed a door in Vor's Prize not switching lights to green when unlocked.

## The War Within: Hotfix 19.2.1
**Date:** 2016-12-02T23:03:52Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed numerous unlocalized text.
Fixed incorrect/no reward if a fissure expires before the player rejoins from a crash or disconnect
Fixed Void Relic still displaying in inventory after cancelling a Fissure Mission
Fixed issue when trading Platinum and sculptures together
Fixed a bug with Martial Fury that made Power Rate a negative value
Fixed codex entries where it would assume an enemy could spawn in a region too high level for it.
Fixed Mirage's Sleight of Hand traps going away when she dies in Conclave.
Fixed players sometimes getting Prime they rolled instead of Prime they chose when cracking Relics in endless Defense.
Spoiler Fixes :
Spoiler
Changes:
Changed the Kuva Siphon progress elements in hud (Progress circle is now for number of braids destroyed, and "harvested" is moved to a list underneath the circle)

Fixes:
Fixed Riven Cycle increasing reroll count by two when selecting the original Riven. We've also improved how Cycles are tracked with the hopes of adding more functionality at a later time.
Fixed potential script error in Teshin mission when players join/leave.
Fixed FoV resetting after Transference

## The War Within: Update 19.2.0
**Date:** 2016-12-01T21:22:08Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Lua is now an available location for Sortie missions!

### Changes
The War Within: Update 19.2.0:
The Saita Prime Operator Suit has been visually changed due to concerning feedback on the original design. Please see our Saita Prime Operator Suit PSA here:
In preparation for our upcoming holiday campaign, we have increased the number of gifts you can send with Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) enabled.
Currently, you must be Mastery Rank 2 to start gifting.
The higher your Mastery Rank the more gifts can be sent per day (similar to max trades per day).
Once you reach Mastery Rank 8 you will be required to enable 2FA to continue to increase your max gifts per day.
Once enabled, that number will continue to increase, as it did before, by Mastery Rank.
If 2FA is not enabled at Mastery Rank 8, your max gifts per day will not increase. 
How to enable Two-Factor Authentication: 
Casting speed Mods (Natural Talent) now affect:
Loki's Decoy
Chroma's Vex Armor
Saryn's Spores and Toxic Lash
Excalibur's Radial Blind
Ivara's Artemis Bow (while ziplining) and Navigator (while ziplining), Quiver, and Prowl
Inaros' Scarab Swarm
Oberon's Smite
Ash's Smoke Screen
Equinox's Metamorphosis
You can now skip both mission fly-in cinematics by skipping the first one. Previously this went live and resulted in loading into an Archwing mission with no Archwing. We have since fixed that issue and are confident the new feature is here to stay! 
Made numerous performance improvements in the Kuva Fortress tileset. 
The Halls of Ascension 'Speed Test' on Lua is now repeatable in the same mission. This also fixes Puncture/AOE weapons from breaking the challenge by destroying switches.
Tweaked the sound of all Limbo's abilities.
Adjusted the positioning for the Daedalus Spurs to prevent clipping on Mesa.
Adjusted Sugatra positioning to try and prevent the Kazeru Prime Sugatra from freaking out when equipped on Claw weapons.
Adjusted the Vala Sugatra Prime to fix floating off Claw weapons.
Dedicated Servers will try to automatically restart if there's a new Update available.
Fixed some problems with running a Dedicated Server & Warframe at the same time.
Removed Mesa's no Melee Health buff Passive from Conclave.
Increased Secondary weapon reload speed of Mesa's Passive in Conclave.
Mirage's Sleight of Hand traps now last indefinitely in Conclave.
Changed the Martial Fury Conclave Mod from 0.5 Power Rate to -50% Power Rate.
Changed 'Low Current Leap' Conclave Mod name to 'No Current Leap' and +5 second Shield regeneration delay changed to 0 Power Rate.
'Armored Evade' Conclave Mod damage resistance increased to 40% while dodging. -20% Slide changed to -10% Mobility.
'Final Act' Conclave Mod Ability Efficiency increased to 40%.
Reduced the duration of Ash's Smoke Screen in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of Saryn's Spores in Conclave.
Reduced Volt's Shock damage in Conclave.
Increased Volt's Shock radius from 8 to 10m in Conclave.
Fixed a localization tag showing when Loki's Deceptive Bond Decoy Augment activates.
Fixed an edge case scenario that could result in unbalanced teams in Conclave.
Fixed a script error when clicking on the exit button at the End of Mission screen as Client in Conclave.
Fixed Clients not seeing Mirage's Sleight of Hand trap FX.
Missing from the notes:
Hydroid's Barrage: Power Range now increases the AoE of each projectile instead increasing their spread, making them easier to hit a target area.

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that would occur in the Landing Craft when moving decorations.
Fixed a crash that occurred during the Assassinate Vay Hek Sortie mission. 
Fixed a crash that occurred while attempting to join a squad.
Fixed a rare case of loading into a mission with the wrong Warframe. 
Fixed performance issues in the first The War Within quest mission.
Fixed a white screen hang during The War Within quest when playing on low-end machines.
Fixed Client getting incorrect/no reward if a Void Fissure expires before the player rejoins from a crash or disconnect.
Fixed interactions to respond correctly to Nullifiers that target specific ability types. I.E Damage Nullifiers should only affect things/abilities that do damage. 
Fixed bad enemy spawning in Uranus Exterminate Alerts & Sorties.
Made fixes towards resolving players losing progress in Endless Void Fissure missions if they hit a reward interval during a Hotfix.
Fixed Melee speed powers/Mods being disabled in the presence of a Slo Comba.
Fixed all Comba/Scrambus' being able to nullify Nekros' Shadow of the Dead summons. 
Fix an issue where the Acrid's dissolve would stop prematurely, preventing the corpses from being destroyed. 
Fixed incorrect textures being used when equipping the Ryu Nikana Skin on the Dragon Nikana.
Fixed a floating attachment when equipping the Ryu Nikana Skin on the Dragon Nikana. 
Fixed receiving an error when attempting to purchase a Focus Lens from the Upgrade screen.
Fixed Venka Prime not being drawn when spawning with only melee equipped.
Fixed incorrect description appearing for "Pistol Only" Sorties. It now reads"Secondary Only".
Fixed Hydroid's passive activating off of the Telos Boltace spin attack and from an equipped Bullet Dance.
Fixed enemies endlessly spawning in the Rank 16 Mastery Rank test as per:
Fixed Ash not being able to Teleport to Shrapnel Mine, Kuva Fortress Turrets and the Grineer Blunt. 
Fixed Clients not being able to access a secret area in the Infested Ship tileset. 
Fixed an unintended unreachable platform in the Lua tileset.
Fixed unlocalized text in the The War Within quest. 
Fixed falling out of the world when jumping out of an elevator on the Jupiter, Themisto tileset. 
Fixed ragdolling an enemy (without killing them) causes Ash's Blade Storm marks to disappear. 
Fixed Ash's Blade Storm marks being embedded inside enemies while levitating. 
Fixed hitching that could occur for Clients when selecting their rewards at the end of a Void Fissure mission.
Fixed the Energy Conversion blue spinning HUD buff icon from disappearing over time.
Fixed no proper indication in the Market that Restore Blueprint bundles offer more than one Restore. 
Fixed planet UI overlapping the Last Mission Results screen when viewed from a planet in Navigation. 
Fixed the Capture timer continuing to count up in the Mastery Rank 23 test, making it impossible to complete. 
Fixed Vor permanently firing his Janus Key beam ability at you in Vor's Prize.

## The War Within: Hotfix 19.1.1+19.1.1.1
**Date:** 2016-11-25T22:13:49Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The War Within: Hotfix 19.1.1:
Removed 3 Day Boosters from Sortie rewards for the time being due to it creating issues.

## The War Within: 19.1.0 Ash Revisited
**Date:** 2016-11-25T19:51:28Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The War Within: 19.1.0 Ash Revisited:
Blade Storm now has a new 'Mark Enemy' mode that is activated when you hit 4. Ash enters target mode, which you can freely target enemies with your reticule up to 3 times each for attack. Once you're satisfied, press 4 again, Blade Storm begins and all targeted enemies are attacked!
Each mark costs Energy (15) which is affected by Mods. If a marked enemy is killed by a squad mate, you will get the energy back. 
Marks made while invisible by any source will have a cheaper base cost (10). 
Enemies killed by Blade Storm will dissolve, leaving no corpse behind to detect!
Teleport will now allow you to target anything with a health bar! Instead of being limited to Teleporting to allies or enemies, you can now teleport to objects.
Smoke Screen can now be cast while running (no lower body movement lock).
Smoke Screen can now be cast while in-air!
Spoiler
Endo (2K) 
Endo (4K) 
Spoiler
Riven Mod
Lens/Greater Lenses
Orokin Reactor/Catalyst Blueprint
Exilus Adaptor Blueprint
Legendary Core
Spoiler
Spoiler
Riven Mod 
Endo (4K) 
Endo (2K) (radically lowered drop chance and spread across new additions) 
3 Day Booster 
Lens/Greater Lens
3 Nitain
Forma
Orokin Reactor/Catalyst Blueprint
Exilus Adaptor Blueprint
Legendary Core
Please note regarding these changes that we took the large 2000 Endo chances and chopped/reassigned to give a more diverse set of options to have variety of other rewards.
We are aiming to make the full drop table more broadly appealing.
When The War Within launched, we added Rivens to Sorties as a common drop to be the new, interesting, and unique evergreen goal for players in Sorties.
Rivens remain common with these changes as we see them as the ultimate goal for Sorties.
Regarding Nitain specifically, the majority of our recently active players have less than 9 Nitain in their accounts and there is considerable interest in some new ways to acquire, so we are trying out Sorties as an option.
A next step here is being considered to add a completely new Ayatan in the place of 2K Endo to give collectors and Endo hunters something to look forward to.
10x Kavat Genetic Codes have been added to Alerts!
Doubled the length of rare-item Alerts!
Sortie Rewards are now displayed in color by rarity. 
Valkyr Prime, Cernos Prime, and Venka Prime have been added to the Codex and are now linkable in chat. 
The Kuva Fortress is now eligible for Grineer Sortie mission locations. 
You can now change firing modes during reload on the Stradavar and Zarr as per feedback:
Optimized Holster customization. 
Made some changes to lower level load time in some cases in the Kuva Fortress.
Reduced the range in which waypoint markers will display in the HUD in The Jordas Verdict to reduce distraction when maneuvering through the tunnels. 
Fixed a progression stopping bug where the esophage wouldn't consume the vape if the Host is outside or downed/dead in The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed being able to fly through J3 Jordas Golem in The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed seeing squadmates distance displayed on the HUD after they've entered the tunnel in The Jordas Verdict. 
Fixed failing The Jordas Verdict if a player goes through an esophage at the same time a nerve is destroyed.
Fixed The Jordas Verdict cinematic animating players below the level. 
Fixed a flickering shield effect on the J3 Jordas Golem in The Jordas Verdict.
Added a confirmation message when trying to leave as a Client at End of Mission by pressing ESC to avoid unintended quits. 
Reduced the damage of Cernos Prime in Conclave.
Halikar disarm chance is now 100% in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed Brood Mothers and Boilers going into T-pose after death.
Fixed Ash Shuriken wonky aiming and bumped up the turn rate so they hit targets much more consistently.
Fixed Smeeta's Charm 'Doubled Pickups and Affinity' buff not working as intended and doubling a number of things that were unintended. It now properly doubles pickups: Resource, Health, Energy, Affinity, Credit and Ammo (previously it would).
Fixed a progression stopping bug of the floor not opening up during the Lephantis fight.
Fixed new players not being able to move after a Host Migration occurs in Endless Void Fissure Defense and Interception missions.
Fixed a crash that sometimes occurred during extraction in Survival and Excavation Void Fissure missions.
Fixed Clients being unable to progress through Assault missions on the Kuva Fortress. 
Fixed Mirage's Hall of Mirror clones applying her Aura as well.
Fixed a loss of functionality in Maroo's Bazaar.
Fixed 'Level Up' being displayed instead of the correct 'Rank Up' terminology. 
Fixed incorrect use of grammar in Valkyr's Passive description. 
Fixed the Phobos Junction task 'Open 3 Lith Void Relics' not completing upon opening 3 Lith Relics as per:
Fixed the Relic Selection screen showing filepaths. 
Fixed Archwing weapons (Cyngas) swapping to melee on empty fire.
Fixed Sortie using old faction ownership of Mars & Phobos (Mars is now Grineer, Phobos is Corpus).
Fixed missing equip sound for Venka Prime.
Fixed players getting stuck under elevators in the Kuva Fortress tileset. 
Fixed occasional hitches in the The War Within quest.
Fixed not being able to customize the Energy color on the Saita Prime Operator Skin. 
Fixed some cases of long hitches when loading into levels. 
Fixed enemies not being properly highlighted and their ragdolls sometimes not disappearing in the Mastery Rank 9 test. 
Fixed script errors in Void Fissure missions.
Fixed numerous Zoom Mods having double negatives in their description. 
Fixed the holster positioning of the Ripkas. 
Fixed some effects not replicating for Clients in Kuva Fortress Assault missions.
Fixed issues of long load times in Kuva Fortress Assault missions. 
Fixed being prompted that a squadmate doesn't have the proper Sortie restricted loadout at the end of the 10-second countdown. 
Fixed reload sounds on the Supra.
Fixed the Kohm appearing to fire inhumanly fast when viewed as the Host.
Fixed Kubrow 'Howl' and 'Dig' barks not playing.

## The War Within: 19.0.7 - Valkyr Prime
**Date:** 2016-11-22T18:56:55Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Unleash a torrent of deadly claw attacks on unsuspecting foes with Valkyr Prime Access!
For a limited time, get Valkyr Prime, Venka Prime, and Cernos Prime - PLUS discounted Platinum, Valkyr Prime Avatars, and Exclusive Prime Gear!

### Changes
The War Within: 19.0.7
Valkyr Prime:
Increased Mod drop rates for several uncommon Archwing enemies.
Reduced the Channeled explosion damage and radius of all Glaive weapons in Conclave.
Increased projectile damage of Halikar and Kestrel in Conclave.
Decreased projectile damage of Glaive Prime in Conclave.

### Fixes
Fixed enemies floating in mid-air when affected by both Frost's Avalanche and Snow Globe.
Fixed a textureless tile in the Rank 8 Mastery Test. 
Fixed some dialog not being heard in certain sections of the The War Within quest.
Fixed Clients joining Archwing missions in progress not switching to Archwing mode.
Fixed losing functionality in all Relays after switching to Archwing mode in the Arsenal.
Fixed various localization errors.

## The Silver Grove: U4+4.1
**Date:** 2016-09-29T19:31:28Z | **Type:** Update
## The Silver Grove: U3.3
**Date:** 2016-09-26T22:10:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Silver Grove: U3.3:
Updated the Plastid Pickup material.
Increased the context action size when picking up Ayatan Stars.
Storage Containers and lockers will now have a chance to drop both types of Star instead of only dropping 1 type.

### Fixes
Fixed waypoints interfering with context actions. 
Fixed offset Excavator trigger radius ring in Excavation missions.
Fixed positioning of extraction trigger radius in Orokin Derelict missions.
Fixed missing debris sounds when breaking electrical boxes. 
Fixed an out of memory related crash.
Fixed various localization issues.

## The Silver Grove: U3.2
**Date:** 2016-09-22T21:42:01Z | **Type:** Update
## The Silver Grove: U3.1
**Date:** 2016-09-21T23:12:00Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
The Silver Grove: U3.1
Fixes
Fixed a visual bug that caused the Prime Parts section of your Inventory to appear empty.
Fixed an unreleased weapon being available to view in the Codex.

## The Silver Grove: U3 Ayatan
**Date:** 2016-09-21T22:19:15Z | **Type:** Update
## The Silver Grove: U2.1 + U2.2
**Date:** 2016-09-16T18:18:07Z | **Type:** Update
## The Silver Grove: U2
**Date:** 2016-09-15T21:31:02Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Represent your favorite Syndicate with these unique entry of weapons. Each weapon is charged with a unique bonus (brainstormed by your Design Council!) and reflect the Syndicates they represent. These weapons have stat changes and a unique passive, but there is no Syndicate burst associated with them. Diversity! All weapons must be equipped in melee mode to benefit from the bonus (save for the Telos Boltace).
Added a generic Corpus announcer to Corpus Ship tiles.

### Changes
The Silver Grove: U2:
Improved performance issues related to Leech Ospreys. 
Corrected the Ducat pricing for Nyx Prime Systems and Volt Prime Chassis, they were using the common sell price when they are uncommon drops.
Tweaked Exterminate missions to ensure you will be able to collect enough Reactant for the amount of enemies spawned.
Tweaked the blocking volume underneath Sentinels in your Landing Craft to allow placement of decorations.

### Fixes
Fixed Nova's Antimatter Mine Conclave Augment not fully charging an orb. 
Fixed Clients affected by Radial Disarm in Conclave being unable to use non-melee weapons if they die and revive.
Fixed Titania's Razorflies persisting if player leaves while in Razorwing form in Conclave.
Fixed a Host migration resulting in Titania keeping her Razorwing weapons in Conclave.
Fixed the Pistol Amp Aura Mod not increasing pistol weapon damage.
Fixed an FX leak when a Grineer Bombard's rocket would strike something and catch fire; the fire would go out but the object would linger forever.
Fixed a performance hitch related to Ancient Healers, Grineer Scorpions and other enemies that use a grappling hook. 
Fixed the start animation for Emotes not playing. 
Fixed the Ki'Teer Earpieces not applying your eye glow color. 
Fixed ending up back in your Landing Craft upon leaving the Simulacrum when set to Solo mode.
Fixed Clients seeing their summoned Operator skin tone changed to the colour of the Operator's suit, and the suit appearing as the Operator's skin colour.
Fixed the Paris/Paris Prime kills not counting towards the 'Rifleman' challenge. 
Fixed friendly Excalibur Specters affecting you with their Radial Blind ability. 
Fixed shrinking when shaking hands with Titania while her Razorwing is active.
Fixed Titania being stuck in flight mode when running out of Energy during Razorwing as per:
Fixed getting stuck in Nyx's Absorb bubble while the ability is deactivated. 
Fixed a case where another player spawning with an Aura mod while you were in Titania's Razorwing would result in you running through the air.
Fixed being able to roll with Nyx's Assimilate Augment active by binding a dedicated roll key (not sprint/roll).
Fixed not being able to cycle through your highlighted ability while rolling. 
Fixed appearing reversed when selecting the Archwing mode in the Arsenal. 
Fixed the 'Get Clem' mission failing to launch as per:
Fixed jog/sprint timing sounds when wielding an Axe weapon to feel less clumsy. 
Fixed the Lecta not displaying it's proper FX.
Fixed Syndicate Medallions spawning in inaccessible locations.
Fixed enemies and allies floating upwards when hit by an Ogris with Adhesive Blast.
Fixed not seeing your melee weapon when performing numerous finishers when the weapon has 'Visible When Holstered' switched off.
Fixed some issues with the Grineer Shipyard sludge material. 
Fixed the wrong minimap displaying in the Grineer Shipyard tileset.
Fixed a crash when Infested Maggots would attempt to attach to each other. 
Fixed a crash when attacked by an Infested Leaper. 
Fixed a crash upon starting the Law of Retribution. 
Fixed a crash related to Bursas. 
Fixed various translation errors.

## The Silver Grove: U1.4
**Date:** 2016-09-09T15:49:51Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Silver Grove: U1.4:
You can now walk on top of the blue force field in the Raptor boss fight. This will allow you to drop the batteries/bombs in, instead of previously having to stand on the lip. 
Reduced the volume of Warding Halo hit sounds and amount of times the hit sound will play when near an ally with Warding Halo.
Adjusted the Porta Armor positions on Nyx's Nemesis skin.
Tweaked the Ki'Teer Syandana's texture and tint based on community feedback.

### Fixes
Fixed a particle system leak that would gradually erode performance and memory over time; it may also have resulted in missing effects in some cases.
Fixed not being able to complete an Earth Sabotage mission after a Host Migration.
Fixed HUD inconsistencies for Clients during the Raptor boss fight.
Fixed Raptors sometimes spawning inside destroyed vents after a Host migration.
Fixed rare script error that could occur when a bomb is dropped in a vent during the Raptor boss fight.
Fixed a texture issue with the TennoGen Excalibur Caduto skin.
Fixed the top spike of the Acanthus Prime Armor chest piece.
Fixed the Void Relic Refinement screen being cut off. 
Fixed the Relic Selection screen being unnecessarily closed when squadmates click a Void Fissure mission from the world state window.
Fixed the minimap overlay remaining on screen during cinematics. 
Fixed planets and text being misaligned for new players accessing the Star Chart for the first time.
Fixed loading into a Void Fissure mission with the wrong Relic equipped due to everyone selecting their Relic simultaneously. 
Fixed not being able to place Noggles near the front of the Landing Craft.
Fixed Inaros not being teleported to the correct position when you open up the Arsenal.
Fixed incorrect Rare Container Booster text as per:
Fixed seeing an 'Accept' button in the squad menu when there is nothing for you to accept.
Fixed being stuck in a perpetual 'Find Squad' state.
Fixed all squad members having to 'Decline' the selected node even if it was never accepted. A single Decline will now cancel the node selection. 
Fixed Rare Containers spawning inside geometry. 
Fixed Strun & Strun Wraith reload sounds not playing properly.
Fixed transition issues with emotes that loop. 
Fixed issues with loot crates spawning in the map in the Infested ship room.

## The Silver Grove: U1.2 + U1.3
**Date:** 2016-09-02T18:01:23Z | **Type:** Update
## The Silver Grove: U1.1
**Date:** 2016-08-31T20:46:07Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
The Silver Grove: U1.1:

### Fixes
Fixed the Conclave Karak Skin not applying to the Karak Wraith. 
Fixed the Conclave Karak Skin not applying to all parts of the weapon.
Fixed crash when changing display settings while running DirectX 9 on Intel HD Graphics.
Fixed the Inaros Elemental Sandstorm Mod not being in alphabetical order in the Syndicate offerings list.

## The Silver Grove: Update 1
**Date:** 2016-08-31T18:28:02Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
We have added the option to customize a 'Quick Progress View' in your key bindings. This will allow you to scroll through your rewards as previously holding own 'Tab' to 'View Mission Progress' did not permit this.
Added a counter for each player using buff indicators. This will show when 'Show Player List' is enabled in HUD options.

### Changes
The Silver Grove: Update 1:
If you are a content creator we will be giving you your skin, so don't buy your own item!
Improved the combo fluidity for the Bullet Dance Mod and fixed issues with executing combos. 
The Lotus will now inform you of your location to the Shrine when finding it outside of The Silver Grove quest. 
Optimized font storage to reduce memory footprint and update size.
Improved shadow precision for DirectX 10 and 11. May also reduce GPU memory usage slightly.
Improved navigation for AI around the cryopod in Corpus ship defense missions.
Removed a delay intended to fix frame rate when auto reloading a weapon. This primarily affected the Vectis and Tigris due to frequent reloading.
Alerts that reward Endo will be displayed the same as Credit Alert rewards, with the Endo icon displayed instead of the word Endo.

### Fixes
Fixed the scoreboard not disappearing when dead in Conclave and during replays in Lunaro.
Fixed issues with being active in Titania's Razorwing preventing the effects of Tribute buffs and Spellbind self-casts.
Fixed a long performance hitch upon entering the Shrine mission without an Apothic in The Silver Grove quest.
Fixed Paracyst's alt fire not being able to pull ragolled enemies (e.g. From Titania's Spellbind & Lantern).
Fixed Raptor NS missing a Codex entry. 
Fixed Cephalon Fragment markers appearing as a default icon for Hosts.
Fixed no VO playing when nearing the Shrine in The Silver Grove quest. 
Fixed Oberon's Reckoning ability stats to show health-orb drop chance as a proper percentage rather than a fractional probability.
Fixed a crash that occurred while using Nekros' Desecrate. 
Fixed the Operator room music continuing to play when selecting the Market/Starchart from the menu. 
Fixed the Second Dream quest key being given as a reward from completing the Natah quest. Players must complete the Uranus to Neptune Junction as intended.
Fixed a loss of functionality when viewing the End of Mission screen in a Sortie. Investigating!
Fixed a loss of functionality when pressing 'Enter' while in the menu.
Fixed colliding into uneven walls can causing spontaneous death in Archwing.
Fixed a lighting issue in the Solar Chart.
Fixed various crashes.
Fixed various localization errors.

## The Silver Grove: Hotfix 5
**Date:** 2016-08-26T15:45:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Silver Grove: Hotfix 5:

## The Silver Grove: Hotfix 4
**Date:** 2016-08-25T20:05:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Increased Razorwing's flight speed and reduced damage to Titania on impact and collision with the world.
Reduced the camera shake on Dex Pixia but added intro aim deviation to keep the same balance.
Operator Hoods can now be opened or closed!
You can now use the Search function in the Relic Selection Window! 
You can now jump through the metal frame hanging from the ceiling in Grineer Galleon! 
Added additional effects to 'The Silver Grove' Shrine. 
Added quality to Relic names in Relic screen (ie, LITH S2 RELIC [FLAWLESS])
Nekros Prime parts added to the Warframe Nexus App.

### Fixes
Conclave Changes & Fixes:
Decreased channeling efficiency trade off added to Martial Fury.
Increased damage of Tetra.
Fixed issue causing Arcata to be invisible after halftime until performing a melee attack. 
Fixed the Conclave Karak having the incorrect store icon.
Fixed loading into the incorrect mission type when selecting an Alert on Mars
Augustus/Martialis. 
Fixed issues with scanning the Frostleaf plant.
Fixed being able to collide with the Shrine in The Silver Grove quest.
Fixed various localization typos and grammar errors. 
Fixed an issue where the Revive screen didn't work with Steam controllers.
Fixed crashes in Arena Mastery Test (MR 22). 
Fixed new Aura mods being untradable.
Fixed having two entries for Grineer Warden and Grineer Warden Eximus in the Codex.
Fixed faulty logic which was causing shockwaves to hit flying targets when they shouldn't.
Fixed exploit during Fissure missions that rewarded a copy of the Relic being used.
Fixed Titania's shrine triggering outside of her quest.
Fixed Apothic blueprints being sellable.
Fixed a possible game freeze during the Raptor fight. 
Fixed collision issues on the Raptor fight with and bomb drops.
Fixed Host Migration not working for the Raptor fight. 
Fixed issues with the Raptor's mortar and laser targeting invisible lasers. 
Fixed Atlas Landslide augment being able to petrify himself if he's radiation proc'd.
Fixed Raptor's main weapon and grenade explosions going through walls.
Fixed a map hole exploit by bullet jumping and using Razorwing.
Fixed inconsistent hud elements for hosts and clients.
Fixed vent collision in Raptor fight
if bomb touches the trigger, it will always destroy the vent.

## The Silver Grove: Hotfix 3 (Nekros Prime!)
**Date:** 2016-08-23T17:55:58Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Silver Grove: Hotfix 3 (Nekros Prime!):
Get Nekros Prime Access now and make the newest Primes yours
instantly
including Nekros Prime, Tigris Prime, Galatine Prime, and exclusive Customizations only available through Prime Access!
Nyx Prime, Scindo Prime and Hikou Prime have entered the Prime Vault and their Relics are no longer obtainable in the game. If you already wield the power of these Primes, they will remain in your Inventory. If you already hold Relics in your inventory that house these Primes, they will remain in your inventory and you may continue to play them.
As a responsive measure, a Perrin Sequence and New Loka Syndicate sacrifice -
the Nyx Prime Neuroptics will be replaced with Vauban Prime Neuroptics and Scindo Prime Blade will be replaced with Nikana Prime Blade.
The new Relics added that contain Nekros Prime, Tigris Prime, and Galatine Prime now contain a mix of the unvaulted items from the above removed Relics.
If you are hunting new Auras, the Silver Grove Specters now spawn at a minimum level of 25, and gain 3 levels for each Specters spawned.
Moved the placement of plant waypoints to prevent the plants from spawning underneath decorations.
Buffed the Shotgun Amp Aura Mod to feel more comparable to Rifle Amp. It is now 18% at Max Rank.
You can now only equip 2 Apothics in your gear as opposed to the erroneous 200.
Reduced melee blocking angle in Conclave
Reduced damage of Nikana series in Conclave
Adjusted input order of Sudden Spring combo in Fateful Truth Conclave stance

### Fixes
Fixed a crash that would occur in Mastery Rank up tests.
Fixed Junctions tasks appearing offscreen.
Fixed Raptor being able to damage Limbo while in the rift.
Fixed an issue where it was impossible to complete the Second Dream using only the Steam Controller.

## The Silver Grove: Hotfix 2
**Date:** 2016-08-22T22:32:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## The Silver Grove: Hotfix 1
**Date:** 2016-08-19T22:07:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
The Silver Grove: Hotfix 1:

## The Silver Grove
**Date:** 2016-08-19T17:32:55Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Trance your enemies with the mystical powers of Lotus' newest warrior, Titania. Overwhelm your enemies with swarms of butterflies, mesmerize and distract foes with shiny lures and morph into a deadly, flying fairy.
A Glyph Prism awaits you in your Gear wheel!
Access your Glyphs in the new 'GLYPHS' category under PROFILE in the menu, and select which Glyph you would like to use! GLYPH is now the catch-all word for Profile Pictures, so you'll see your Glyph selection determine that and your Forum Profile!
If you're asking yourself 'Where are my Fusion Cores and what is Endo?", please read this section carefully! This section explains the conversion from a Fusion Core / Duplicate Mod fusion system to the Endo Fusion system.
Fusion in Warframe is one of the main systems that encourages investment in your Mod collection and Upgrading your gear. With calculated clicking and collecting, you can take your unranked Mods to top tier performers.
With the change to an Endo system we've removed the hidden complexity of Fusion. This Endo Fusion system maintains many aspects of the hold.
What is Endo? Endo is Fusion energy incarnate. It is the raw resource that powers the process of Upgrading Mods. In essence, Endo serves as the simplifier in all things Fusion. All duplicate Mods can now be simply converted into Endo. Endo will now drop from enemies and missions where Fusion Cores used to be.
Fusing with Endo makes the Mod Rank increases clear, as the system now only increases in whole Ranks. Partial upgrading with unclear requirements towards your next rank will no longer exist, and neither will wasted Fusion energy. The UI will tell you exactly how much Endo is needed for the next Rank, which gives you a clear goal to work toward.
Any partial Mod upgrades before this Update will be refunded with equivalent Endo and Credits.
Treasures: discoverable ancient valuables that can be constructed and converted into high Endo quantities. 
Trading of Endo (in the form of Treasures).
Added Rarity colour grading to the Relic Reward selection screen in Fissure missions. 
Soft launch of colourblind door symbols! These new symbols should help you determine if a door is locked or unlocked, as they no longer rely on the sole use of colour. 
Added a warning message when the last member of an Alliance's creator Clan tries to dissolve the Clan. 
Added indicators in the Arsenal of how many Forma are installed in gear, and whether or not gear has been fully Mastered! 
Added a waypoint marker for Cephalon Fragments. 
Added more Relic Rewards into Rotation A in replacement of some Credit Bundles and Mods.

### Changes
The Silver Grove:
Lunaro has been out in the wild for a couple of weeks now, and in this time we've been play testing extensively
internally and externally
and have been listening to your feedback. In an effort to address your concerns and increase the overall playability of the mode we've implemented a number of new gameplay features, arenas, customizations, and back end systems. Read on below for further details:
New Conclave weapon skins for the following weapons can now be purchased for standing from Tehsin once you've acquired the Typhoon rank:
Haven't played any Lunaro since launch?
Feeling a bit rusty?
Well worry no more!
The introduction of the new Lunaro Warm-Up system will take players currently waiting in a not full lobby and load them all into a practice session.
These sessions will see all active players equipped with their own Lunaro so as to allow everyone the chance to practise basic game mechanics while waiting for additional loadings to join.
Once a game is full and ready to begin the match will naturally progress to the proper Lunaro mode with goals, assists, and saves from the previous Warm-Up being wiped clear.
Much of the feedback we've received from our seasoned PvP players and newcomers alike was our inscrutable matchmaking rules. We've attempted to stream lines and have separated the rules used to match players in PvE from those used for PvP. Specifics on these PvP specific matchmaking rules are as follows:
When attempting to join a friend you will be placed on their team if there is available space.
If you create a squad and then create/join a PvP lobby you will all be placed on the same team. Subsequent joiners will fill the opposing team slots.
Inviting a Friend who is currently in a squad will attempt to being in the full squad into your current game/lobby.
Attempting to join a PvP match without enough space for you and your squad will now present an error message indicating that there isn't space to accommodate everyone.
A similar error message to the above will be displayed when a full Squad of 4 players attempts to join a Lunaro match.
Invite and Friends Only Lobbies now have a "Switch Team" option.
Another common gripe that has sometimes been affecting our competitive PvP modes was one that affects almost all games of this nature; rage quitters. While any system we introduce won't be able to completely solve this issue we've enacted a consequence system that will hopefully curb some of the more numerous instances:
We now track players who quit out of matches including those using the Alt-F4 method.
The Penalty system has 2 stages; a warning and a penalty applied state:
The warning stage will appear on the Landing Craft after the game detects that you've quit out of a match prematurely.
The Penalty Applied state will kick in after a certain % of your last games are determined to have been prematurely left. This state results in an XP Penalty of 75%.
Player's can climb back out of the Penalty Applied state by completing a corresponding amount of full matches.
While also negatively affecting rage quitters, we want to encourage those who continue to play while short on players and those who play multiple matches in a row.
Completing a match you were short on will result in a +20% boost to XP and Standing.
Completing subsequent matches will results in 10% more XP and Standing after the first match.
With the launch of Lunaro on Consoles we introduced full customization options for Lunaro controls. With this update we will be introducing the same functionality for PC keyboard and mouse users.
Head over to the Options screen to configure your Lunaro bindings as you see fit!
Another major complaint directed toward our Conclave game modes has been the potential for laggy experiences due to the game running on our peer to peer system. With this update we will be rolling out the first stages of a potential solution to this issue: volunteer player hosted servers
we've got the tools in place to allow you to host Lunaro.
At this stage volunteer servers are limited to running Lunaro only, and require a separate dedicated computer to host.
The initial roll-out will be conducted via an invite-only process due to the need to gauge scalability and success. We will be using this soft launch to gather valuable feedback and stats and once we determine that the system is ready to provide the best experience we will be moving forward with a full scale public release.
Affinity gained no longer converts to Energy in Conclave
Increased Standing gain at EOM based on Conclave Syndicate Rank
Shield regen delay decreased in Conclave
Shield regen rate decreased in Conclave
Ash now has increased Mobility while invisible in Conclave
Increased animation speed and range of Ash's Teleport To in Conclave
Decreased duration of Ash's Smokescreen in Conclave
Decreased range and damage of Banshee's Sonic Boom in Conclave
Increased angle of Banshee's Sonic Boom in Conclave
Chroma's Spectral Scream status chance now 100% in Conclave
Equinox's Rest & Rage range reduced in Conclave
Frost's Freeze, Ice Wave and Snow Globe now also reduce target's Mobility in Conclave
Reduced damage of Frost's Freeze in Conclave
Reduced range and increased duration of Hydroid's Tempest Barrage in Conclave
Increased speed of Hydroid's Tidal Surge in Conclave
Inaros' Devour now also decreases Dodge speed of target in Conclave
Increased duration of Ivara's Encumbered and Null-Shield arrows in Conclave
Reduced the damage it takes to remove Invisibility from Loki in Conclave
Loki's Radial Disarm now drains Energy and deactivates any active Abilities on target instead of Health/Shield in Conclave
Increased animation speed of Mag's Crush in Conclave
Increased the percentage of damage stored per hit in Mesa's Ballistic Battery in Conclave
Decreased duration and increased damage of Mirage's Hall of Mirrors in Conclave
Increased cost of Nekros' Desecrate in Conclave
Reduced duration, range and added a debuff icon on target of Nekros' Desecrate debuff in Conclave
Removed Energy drop from Nekros' Desecrate in Conclave
Decreased health and increased damage of Nezha's Warding Halo in Conclave
Nova's Null Star now drains Energy instead of Health/Shield in Conclave
Reduced duration of Nova's Molecular Prime in Conclave
Decreased duration and increased damage of Saryn's Spores in Conclave
Decreased duration of Volt's Shield in Conclave
Removed duration reduction and reduced Energy drain when picking up Volt's Shield in Conclave
Wukong's Iron Poke now knocks down targets towards him in Conclave
Added melee magnetism to Valkyr's Berserker and Wukong's Primal Fury in Conclave
Increased speed and damage of Zephyr's Tailwind in Conclave
Secondary Wind mod now increases Reload Speed instead of Health Rate on Kill
Relentless Assault mod now increases Power Rate instead of Attack Speed on Kill
Increased damage of Thundermiter mod
Overcharged mod now converts up to 50 energy at 100% to Overshields on respawn
Reduced the amount of Blast damage blocked by Anti-Flak Plating mod
Recharge Barrier Augment shield restore reduced
Changed order of combos and attacks in Last Herald Conclave stance
Changed order of attacks in Celestial Nightfall Conclave stance
Ogris damage and projectile speed increased in Conclave
Penta series damage increased in Conclave
Tonkor damage increased in Conclave
Tonkor self damage enabled in Conclave
Angstrum damage and projectile speed increased in Conclave
Increased Ammo Pool of Latron Wraith in Conclave
Increased damage of Hind in Conclave
Soma Prime damage decreased in Conclave
Soma damage increased in Conclave
Gorgon damage increased in Conclave
AkSomati damage decreased in Conclave
Added Knock Down to equipped Stave Slam attacks in Conclave
Sybaris damage decreased in Conclave
Vectis damage decreased in Conclave
The Jat Kittag has received the PBR treatment!
Infested Runners and Chargers will now resort to a projectile attack only on the condition that they have no chance of melee attacking you. 
Infested Maggots will now only attach to targets after a jump if they are still in range (possible for target to move out of latch range between jump animation start/end)
Bosses now appear on your mini-map as a red 'destroy/kill' marker instead of the yellow marker for consistency.
Reduced the reaction time and animation for enemies being corrupted by Void Fissures.
Void Fissure Junction challenges can now be completed on any planet.
Tweaked the Archwing Mastery Rank test to reflect recent Archwing movement changes.
Increased the Spy mission timer in the Vor's Prize quest.
Reduced Shield Lancer spawn chance during Vor's boss battle in the Vor's Prize quest.
War no longer glows when holstered.
Updated Chroma's tail cloth physics.
Minorly tweaked the emblem placement on the right Pakal shoulder armour to prevent clipping.
Improved spawning in Archwing open-space Exterminate missions.
Adjusted holster position for the Nunchaku hip style.
Moved Spy from Adrastea
Jupiter to Amalthea
Jupiter, and changed Adrastea to a Corpus Sabotage mission.
Adjusted emblem offsets for Heavy, Regular and Thin Kubrow bodies.
Tweaked location of Mariana
Earth node so the Vor's Prize mission text doesn't overlap the next node's text.
Decreased Nekros' Desecrate delay slightly to make it more popcorny.
Moved the '3 Spy data extractions' Junction Challenge to Neptune
Pluto to replace '3 waves of Archwing Interception' now that Jupiter-Saturn requires players to defeat Raptor on Europa.
Kavats no longer use their Pounce ability when trying to be stealthy and have the Pounce mod equipped.
Tweaked New Loka's hub room to reduce amount of mist and make water a bit less transparent. 
Pursuit ship turrets are now randomized rather (to prevent one side of the ship having only rocket-turrets and the other side only auto-turrets).

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where the Dark Split Sword would show a Mire when being built in the Foundry.
Fixed the poor lighting in New Loka's Relay Syndicate room.
Fixed a text error in the End of Mission screen.
Fixed speed buff abilities carrying over to Operators during Focus.
Fixed Nyx's Absorb camera FX remaining after a host migration.
Fixed an Infested object blocking the door near the end of the Once Awake quest.
Fixed the large majority of Earth Alerts being Erpo Archwing Alerts.
Fixed the Atlas Tartarus helmet not appearing in Alert cycles. 
Fixed the Wukong Dasheng helmet not appearing in Alert cycles.
Fixed various clipping issues with Inaros. 
Fixed Loki's Disarm not working for Junction Specters against players.
Fixed Ivara's Prowl ability scanning enemies that don't have drop table items (ie turrets and cameras).
Fixed Infested objects appearing in Vor's boss tileset in the Vor's Prize quest. 
Fixed Rhino being able to activate his heavy landing Passive on all ground slams.
Fixed the Rending Crane stance Mod having a text path for its default combo.
Fixed an issue where interrupting a reload wouldn't usually cancel the reload animation.
Fixed loss of functionality when cancelling a mission while the screen is fading out (When the countdown timer is 10m and Universe > Fragments to get started!
Each picture can be Displayed in a variety of formats:
Arc
Landscape
Tondo
Poster
Convex
Concave
Wrap
Squared
Panoramic
The world might be your canvas, but space is limitless 
besides, we can't all be painters.
The Okina are here! This Tenno Sai can be yours today by either visiting the Market to acquire the full weapon, or in your Tenno Lab research!!
New Dual Dagger Stance: Spinning Needle
Item linking is a popular pastime in many MMOs, and now you'll be able to link items in Warframe's chat by typing "[" plus the name of the item you wish to link! Clicking the link will open a description of that item. We hope this will also help the [Flow] when trading your [Spare Parts]!
Weapon skins for the Grinlok, Tonkor, Jat Kittag and Marelok are now available from Teshin!
Polished the goal Replay feature in Lunaro.
Small change to slow down the equip/unequip animations on the Lunaro.
You can now preview how you'll look with your energy colour set to Sun or Moon in the Conclave Arsenal.
Frame energy color now has a minimum brightness in Conclave.
Adjusted the melee impact sounds for Hydroid Kraken tentacles in Conclave.
Changed the intended stats on the Double Tap Conclave Mod to be +20% damage for 2 seconds.
Added a separate first win of the day bonus for Conclave.
Conclave mod 'Lucky Shot' can no longer be used with the Miter.
The following abilities can now only be activated at 100 energy in Conclave:
Sound Quake
Banshee
Effigy
Chroma
World on Fire
Ember
Mend and Maim
Equinox
Exalted Blade
Excalibur
Artemis Bow
Ivara
Peacemaker
Mesa
Absorb
Nyx
Hysteria
Valkyr
Primal Fury
Wukong
Reduced the duration of Loki's Decoy in Conclave.
Reduced Volt Prime's Conclave Mobility base stat to 0.8
Nyx's Mind Control duration reduced in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of Opticor in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of the Daikyu in Conclave.
Removed Cephalon Spire and Orokin Hall maps from Annihilation and Team Annihilation.
Increased damage of Mesa's Peacemaker in Conclave.
Increased damage of Excalibur's Exalted Blade projectiles in Conclave.
Decreased channeling cost of Valkyr's Hysteria in Conclave.
Decreased channeling cost of Wukong's Primal Fury in Conclave.
Decreased energy cost of shooting Ivara's Artemis Bow in Conclave.
Increased minimum explosive damage of Nyx's Absorb in Conclave.
Decreased damage of Volt's Shock in Conclave.
Decreased channeling cost of Banshee's Sound Quake in Conclave.
Increased damage of Ember's World on Fire in Conclave.
Increased speed of Ember's Fireball projectile in Conclave.
Increased slow duration of Frost's Icicle in Conclave.
Decreased damage of Banshee's Sonic Boom in Conclave.
Minimum player count of Team Annihilation reduced to 1 per team in Conclave..
Paris series ammo pool reduced to 20 in Conclave.
Daikyu ammo pool reduced to 15 in Conclave.
Reduced damage of Nova's Null Star in Conclave.
Increased the size of Vauban's Tesla traps in Conclave.
Reduced the damage of Limbo's Cataclysm in Conclave.
Decreased Health Orb pickup from 50 to 30 health and respawn time is now 20 seconds in Conclave.
All whip melee weapons are now available to use in Conclave.
Halikar now available for use in Conclave.
A list of these new Conclave Melee Stance mods can be found below. Each of these mods can be purchased from Teshin at Rank 1.
Argent Scourge (Polearm)
Biting Piranha (Dual Daggers)
Celestial Nightfall (Glaive)
Crashing Havoc (Hammer)
Crashing Timber (Staves)
Cunning Aspect (Rapier)
Dividing Blades (Dual Sword)
Fateful Truth (Katana)
Lashing Coil (Whip)
Last Herald (Sword and Shield)
Mafic Rain (Nunchaku)
Noble Cadence (Heavy Blade)
Piercing Fury (Dagger)
Quaking Hand (Fists)
Rending Wind (Machete)
Rising Steel (Sword)
Scarlet Hurricane (Claws)
Shadow Harvest (Scythe)
Star Divide (Tonfa)
Tainted Hydra (Sword + Whip)
Vicious Approach (Fists + Feet)
All melee weapons available in Conclave have had their damage adjusted to work with their new stances.
We've added some changes to Nullifiers
rather, we've fixed how they affect others on the battlefield. We've gone over every player ability and augment to provide predictable interactions with Nullifier bubbles and ability immune enemies. Below are the rules that we have adhered by to offer a consistent avenue for players to strategize against foes in-battle.
Abilities will not affect players or enemies within a Nullifier bubble.
Effects of an ability on both players and enemies will be removed when entering Nullifier bubbles.
A Warframe's active abilities will be deactivated upon entering a Nullifier bubble.
Projectiles spawned by an ability will be deflected when they encounter a Nullifier bubble. For example, Ember's Fireball and Ash's Shuriken will be deflected.
Abilities that exist independent of their creator will not be deactivated if the Warframe enters a nullifier, but will be destroyed if touched by the bubble itself. For example, Frost's Snowglobe will not disappear when Frost enters the bubble, but will be destroyed if the bubble comes into contact with the Snowglobe sphere.
Adjusted the enemy counts for each mission; in most cases the spawn counts were increased.
Improved enemy tactics to better plan assaults on player-controlled towers; by staging units ahead of time they can be more effective and draw the action to different points around the map.
Changed how the different types of enemy unit are sent into the fray. Historically you'd see higher-tier units mid-way through the first round and there would be no escalation after that; you should now see more infantry in the first round and then more support and heavy units if you chose to stay to intercept more transmissions.
Tuned the enemy tables to fix the cases where certain levels were 50% enemies that couldn't capture points (eg: Drones).
Corrupted Vor in T4 Interception will no longer delay the end of round countdown (just the end of round) so that if he's the last enemy you aren't stuck waiting as long.
Fixed the problem where low-level Interception missions were flooded with Eximus'.
Added an Interception Mission to Sedna, Berehynia.
Reveal hidden contents
Toxic Ancient's and Ancient Disrupter Auras will no longer stack with multiple Ancients of the same type.
Oberon's Reckoning has a chance to make enemies drop health orbs which, when grabbed by you, heal your companions which revive them.
Fire rate Pistol mods will now affect Mesa's Peacemaker.
Added a PBR pass on materials for a variety of older Grineer and Infested levels.
Made improvements to the spawn logic for Convergence pickups in Survival and Excavation missions.
Phobos Tileset is now on Mars, and all Phobos missions are now on Asteroid Tileset.
Increased Dark Split-Swords Critical Chance while dual wielding by to 25% and Critical Multiplier to 2.5x.
Slightly increased the Dark Split Sword dual wield attack speed.
Slightly decreased the Dark Split Sword Heavy Blade attack speed.
Increased the Dark Split Sword Heavy Blade Element Damage to 90 and Status Chance to 25%
Increased the Twin Basolk Status Chance to 40% and increased Elemental damage to 65.
Slightly Increased Twin Basolk attack speed.
Increased Twin Basolk Ground Slam damage by 4x , attack radius to 7.5m, and Status Chance to 65%.
Twin Basolk Ground Slams can now ragdoll enemies.
Increased the amount of Impact damage done with Stradavar automatic fire while decreasing the Puncture and Slash damage these attacks do.
Increased the amount of Puncture damage done with Stradavar semi-automatic fire while decreasing the amount of Slash damage these attacks do.
Slightly decreased the amount of damage done by Stradavar automatic fire and increased the amount of damage done by semi-automatic attacks.
Increased the Stradavar Status Chance to 15%.
Polished the hit detection of melee weapons within Nullifier bubbles. Some weapons, like the Tonbo for example, would strike the Nullifier bubble first, followed by the Nullifier agent in the same strike. However, the damage would only result on the bubble! The weapons can now strike both the bubble and the agent on the same strike, and the agent will take damage as long you are inside the bubble for the attack.
Removed in-mission challenges for all Mastery rank tests.
Removed two small sections on Nyx Prime that were un-tintable.
Adjusted the Market icon size of the Akstilleto and Ballistica.
Changed the way lighting works on Sigils in an attempt tone down excessive bloom.
Sortie Missions can now have more environmental wrinkles, traps, and obstacles within. Stay Alert!
Made improvements to the animation look and feel of thrown weapons while holding a Datamass.
As a result of wanting to reduce the amount of playerbase splitting that the Syndicate Mission rank generation created, we've reduced this to simply have 7 missions per Syndicate.
At Rank 1 in a given Syndicate, you get missions 1, 2, 3.
At Rank 2 in a given Syndicate, you get missions 2, 3, 4.
At Rank 3 in a given Syndicate, you get missions 3, 4, 5.
At Rank 4 in a given Syndicate, you get missions 4, 5, 6.
At Rank 5 in a given Syndicate, you get missions 5, 6, 7.
As a result, now you are more likely play with other members of the Syndicate at close ranks to you. You will still now have 3 Syndicate missions active in your World state menu, but you should now have more people do them with!
Warframe Helmet blueprints are now labeled as 'Neuroptics'. Please note that when trading components, full Warframe sets now contain Systems, Chassis, and Neuroptics (previously Helmet) as components.
Polished a variety of environment materials that were too bright.
Polished a variety of old tileset decoration placements and layouts.
Players can now choice to cancel an undesired squad migration if the migration is occurring while in a lobby.
Updated certain interactable Orokin Derelict consoles with new meshes.
Improved your Sentinels responsiveness to catching up to you and staying at shoulder level when you're moving quickly.
Rescue targets can now shoot while following players. Teleport actions will still take precedent over this behavior when making your way to extraction.
Reduced the Syndicate buff FX to help aiming visibiltiy as per:
Increased the spawn rate of Rare Crates in The Jordas Verdict to match the Law of Retribution.
The Archwing ability stat screen will now show the correct range for abilities depending on context. (E.g. Blink used to show 100m, but in space you are 0.25x scale so distances are effectively 4x as far. So in space Blink will now show 400m. In water ranges are reduced, so Blink will show 39.69m.)
Gave Rescue hostages their own (incredibly generous) cover evaluators so their cover findings don't conflict with their behaviour. Gave them larger vision range so they react to dangers behind / next to them and not just when they get shot by them first.
Improved finisher hit detection for multiple weapons. Reticles will now flash red when a finisher can be performed and with each hit for multistrike finisher moves.
Multistrike finisher moves will have their damage split amongst each hit instead of now being delivered all at the end.
Propaganda Drone damage reduction buffs no longer stack.
Improved jump detection. Before players could prematurely double jump when just about to fall off a ledge, when falling off a small edge, or when walking down a steep incline. Regular jumps will now be performed in these scenarios.
Improved Dojo and Liset decoration placement code.
Vauban's Bastille now works on Corpus air units. (Attack Drones, etc.)
Increased the drop rate of Automatic Trigger.
Increased the drop rate of Vermillion Storm.
Improved squad merging code to better facilitate Lunaro matchmaking.
Improved migration code to better handle migrations occurring during PvP team selection phase.
Archwing augment mods now display an tag to help differentiate them.
Improve the physics on the Ki Teer Syandana.

### Fixes
Specters of the Rail - changes to the Origin System are here, Tenno. What ghosts lurk the chambers of abandoned Junctions of a past era?
Find a new way to experience the Origin System with the complete rework of the Star Chart.

This redesign of the original Star Chart will bring back the nostalgic roadmap design making it easier for you to travel the Origin System. The map is dynamic; zoom in and out and drag your way around the Origin System. Specific regions and missions will be easier to locate. Also, it will be clear to see which Missions you need to complete thanks to new Junctions -
routes between planets -
guiding you on where to go next.

We've replaced and re-assigned many missions, including the removal of Deception and the not-so-popular Archwing Defense.

Difficulty, planet progression, and enemy levels have been reassigned to better reflect the modern Solar System.

Dedicated memorials have been set up in Relays to display the names of contributing Founders!
Specters of the Rail live here
you must show you are worthy to conquer the Junction and ignite its Planetary travel power.
Junctions link travel
all players new and old must complete the Task list to activate the Junctions for progression and rewards.
Junctions reward players with Mastery upon completion! Please note this Mastery reward is quite large, and offsets any Mastery points lost in the Star Chart changes of nodes per planet.
Venus
Mercury Junction: Once Awake, Howl of the Kubrow
Earth
Mars Junction: The Archwing
Mars
Phobos Junction: Stolen Dreams
Jupiter
Europa Junction: The New Strange, Limbo Theorem Blueprint
Saturn
Uranus Junction: Natah, Clem Quest
Uranus
Neptune Junction: The Second Dream
Pluto
Sedna Junction: Hidden Messages Blueprint
Pluto
Eris Junction: Patient Zero Blueprint, The Jordas Precept Blueprint
*Sands of Inaros Blueprint is still obtained from Baro Ki Teer.
Void Relic: Ancient Relics that react to Void Fissures to reveal treasures within.
Void Traces: Raw Void energy that drops in the process of uniting Relics and Fissures. Can be used to Refine Void Relics to yield more rare rewards in your Orbiter.
Reactant: Drops in missions and must be used in the Void Fissure sealing process.
Refinement: The Process of improving the likelihood of Rare rewards from Void Relics.
Era: An old Orokin age.
Lith / Meso / Neo / Axi: 4 Distinct Eras of the Orokin past, all suddenly manifesting through Void Fissures in the Solar Map.
T1 Keys have turned into Lith Era Relics.
T2 Keys have turned into Meso Era Relics.
T3 Keys have turned into Neo Era Relics
T4 Keys have turned into Axi Era Relics.
Void Relic Segment: Found on a Junction, used to Refine Void Relics.
After years of new content releases and updated items to collect, there is a certain irony in calling the Void the "void".
Until Specters of the Rail, getting specific Prime parts was a repetitive and regimented process.
Each Tower mission has a corresponding key and reward table, and if you want one of those rewards, you need to stock up on the appropriate key and repeat the same mission until you accomplish your goal.
That all changes with the introduction of Relics.
Instead of running the same mission repeatedly, Relics allow you to dynamically acquire the rewards you want by playing Fissure missions that appear on any planet, and there will always be Void Fissures active.
Collecting cool rewards is a fundamental aspect of Warframe, and this new Void system is designed to make it more fun and immersive
with Void Fissures ripping into the very fabric of the Origin System!
*Please note that Void Fissures will not be available for Assassinate and endless mission types
excluding Survival
for Launch. Further mission support will be coming shortly.
Read the Developer Workshop here:
Syndicate Void Key Pack has changed to Relic Pack.
Void Key Pack from the Market and Daily Tribute has changed to Relic Pack.
As for our good friend Baro, his sales/prices will be monitored closely to take new economy into account in terms of Ducat acquisition.
Access to the Derelicts is remaining the same.
The Refinement costs for improving an INTACT Void Relic are as follows:
EXCEPTIONAL = 25 Void Traces
FLAWLESS = 50 Void Traces
RADIANT = 100 Void Traces
Reveal hidden contents
This Update brings a huge change to the way our distance and obstruction sound works across all of Warframe. All distant sounds now feel properly spatialized and obstructed sounds now have the feeling of walls and more. Each shot, each character sound, each infested squeal will now bring you a more visceral and deep sound experience.
We updated many weapon sounds to have elements that take advantage of this new sound system.
Archwing has been upgraded to a full six degrees of freedom! Now, you'll be able to pilot your Archwing like a true flight simulator with full 360 degree yaws and pitches. (Note: submersible missions will still use the old controls)
New Archwing UI and control bindings to further enhance your flying experience!
New Eximus Archwing units have been deployed throughout the Origin System!
Syndicates now offer Archwing components!
Reduced the total number of Archwing nodes to 8
one of each type for Grineer and Corpus.
Archwing Pursuit (Saturn
Pandora)
Hunt down a heavily defended Grineer Ship and destroy it by fighting through the ship's defenses, such as: energy shields, turrets, and mines.
Archwing Rush (Phobos
Kepler)
Reach hostile supply ships and destroy them before they escape. The more ships you destroy within the given time, the greater the reward.
Get this Archwing today in the Market or Tenno Clan Research!
The Warframe Market got a facelift!
Two big motivators behind this rework are pretty straight-forward: a) to make it easier to find what you want and to see what's available; and b) to allow the Market to grow as more content is added in-game.
Highlights of this upgrade include better item categories (especially for Cosmetics) and a brand new search function to help you fine-tune your results.
A new hide/show owned button will make browsing for new gear a breeze, but for those who need to save up for the big ticket items, the new Wishlist feature will help you keep track of your must-haves.
Feeling particularly generous?
You can see your friends' Wishlists and gift them what their heart desires!
A large majority of Market-related complaints we receive relate to the confusion between built items (aka Platinum-purchased) and Blueprints.
The current Market set-up can misguide players into thinking that Warframes, Weapons, and Sentinels aren't craftable in-game, so we condensed the Built items and Blueprints into the same page.
Information about build costs, stats, blueprint location, and more, will be separated into 3 tabs on this page to help players learn all they need to know about the item in order to make an informed purchase!
While trying to make the Market work (and look!) better, we made some pricing changes as follows:
Frugal Credits Bundle: 50k Credits for 50 Platinum.
High Roller Credit Bundle: 175k Credits for 90 Platinum.
Loki*: 175 Platinum
Mag*: 75 Platinum
* These prices were swapped to reflect the change in Starter status.
Reveal hidden contents
Fixed doors locking if a player enters and exits the door while the buttons are held in Stage 3 of The Law of Retribution.
Fixed a variety of weapons having improper Arsenal information on their noise type: Silent or Alarming.
Fixed missing sounds from many various Warframe idle animations.
Fixed the Fatal Acceleration Mod being usable on Kohm since it was changed to Hitscan a while ago, the Mod had no affect.
Fixed an issue with certain charge weapons not playing the correct sounds.
Fixed further issues with making purchases in the Arsenal not saving customization choices.
Fixed various issues with game freezes and crashes.
Possible fixes for various visual effects not working for Clients.
Fixed issues with various weapon skins and attachments not behaving as intended.
Fixed Sentinels sometimes showing 'BLEEDING OUT: 0:00' on the UI when they've died, instead of just showing the proper DEAD.
Fixed possible enemy location desync issues between Host and Client for enemies on Ziplines
Fixed a variety of enemy behaviour issues that could affect game performance.
Fixed issues with poor performance when returning to your Landing Craft from missions.
Fixed an issue with 'Damaged' faction-specific damage mods all affecting Corpus even though they were for other factions.
Fixed an issue with Vauban's Bastille Visual FX staying active if the Host is killed within a Client's Bastille in Conclave.
Fixed an issue with uncontrollably shaking Kubros.
Fixed an issue with Mag's Magnetize field absorbing Oberon's Renewal healing orbs, preventing the healing effect from reaching teammates.
Fixed an issue with the End of Mission screen lingering after Mastery Rank tests. 
Fixed an issue with Volt's Passive, Static Discharge, not contributing additional Electricity damage to his Electric Shields.
Fixed dual Secondary holsters clipping through Chroma when equipped with his Agile stance.
Fixed fist weapons being placed on the floor of the Arsenal when equipped on Loki's Knave skin.
Fixed certain mods not working after a Host Migration.
Fixed certain weapon holsters clipping through Nezha's back.
Fixed a rare case of Mods not activating for Clients upon loading into a mission.
Fixed seeing incorrect Warframe Deluxe skins on players who switch Warframe's in the Relay.
Fixed an issue with the water decoration in the New Loka Syndicate room not covering the whole pool.
Fixed the Arsenal camera view positioning incorrectly in the Simulacrum, Relays, while moving, and when accessing it from the menu on your Landing Craft.
Fixed the Tethra's Doom badge clipping through Warframe shoulders.
Fixed issues with energy colour choices not properly affecting a variety of projectiles.
Fixed an issue where the End of Mission screen would be stuck open after completing a rank up test from the Relay.
Fixed an issue with the visual FX of the Health Conversion Mod not reflecting the bonus' you have active.
Fixed an issue where a Magnetic Status Effect would typically lower the victim's Shields further upon expiry (rather than restore them properly) if it had re-triggered the Status Effect.
Fixed enemies getting stuck in a specific area on the Earth Defense tileset.
Fixed a possible issue with mouse-cursor accuracy on certain screens.
Fixed the Sortie Defense Target getting stuck when trying to navigate around the terrain.
Fixed an issue with Strun weapons not reloading while bullet jumping.
Fixed player list information overlapping in the HUD.
Fixed an issue with mission Challenge duplication being possible after Host migrations.
Fixed issues with Loki's Switch Teleport still allowing players to get stuck in walls.
Fixed an issue with Host migrations resetting a variety of puzzles.
Fixed the Daikyu quiver clipping into the back of numerous Warframes.
Fixed rare case of no sound for Clients in mission loading screen.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize ability preventing use of Azima's Secondary Fire.
Fixed an issue with Azima's Secondary Fire not being affected by Magnetize's attraction field.
Fixed subtitles overlapping item pick-up text in the Rathuum Arenas.
Fixed an issue with Kubrow Revive elements remaining on the HUD despite the owner and Kubrow being dead.
Fixed an issue with erroneous Kubrow indicators appearing in the UI in Archwing missions.
Fixed End of Mission "mission score" appearing for non-endless (i.e. countdown style) missions such as Survival Alerts/Sorties.
Fixed chat lines not refreshing properly after chat text size has been changed.
Fixed Client Xiphos' Sentry Guns Air Support Charges remaining in mission even if the Client has aborted. Sentry Guns will now be removed if the Client has left the mission.
Fixed an issue with Sentry Gun Air Support Charges disappearing after Host migration.
Fixed Oberon's Phoenix Renewal Augment causing Wukong's Defy to stop working if active at the time of the effect.
Fixed possible game hangs in the Jordas Verdict.
Fixed strange Melee Weapon holster positions on Atlas.
Fixed an issue with Host Migration in certain boss fights possibly creating duplicate bosses.
Fixed a bug with particle system's animated tiles not working if the particles didn't have a proper range for their life values
Fixed the ability to use quick melee attacks inside your Landing craft after having used a hotkey to equip a scanner
Fixed volatile runners not exploding upon being killed by a shotgun blast from The Redeemer
Fixed an incorrect material being used on the Castanas' holster.
Fixed the Daily Tribute screen overlapping the completed Quest screen as per:
Potential fix for Sprag and Ven'kra Tel not dropping the Void Key.
Fixed various typos and localization issues.
Fixed an issue where players could not access the Sands of Inaros' Codex entry after completing the quest.
Fixed general map hole issues across Grineer tilesets.
Fixed a rare case where a player could fire a weapon (Opticor) and get disarmed as they are firing which results in the owner of the weapon to be nulled out.
Fixed an issue with enemy objective markers disappearing if they have invisibility states.
Fixed an issue where receiving rewards requiring inventory slots prompted the "Invalid Inventory Slots" message. This included the Azima when acquired as the 100-day login reward.
Fixed an old/recurring issue where you wouldn't see your custom Clan emblem until you confirmed selection of the emblem deco in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue with Baro's Noggles showing an improper owned state from his offerings list if you buy and place them.
Fixed cephalon simaris affiliation daily limit not being properly tracked during missions.
Fixed Zhuge's arrows firing at an odd angle. 
Partial fix for not being able to switch away from melee weapon while parrying
Fixed poorly placed environmental fire traps in Grineer levels.
Fixed the FX of Nezha's Warding Halo applying to nearby allies.
Fixed an issue with the UI not displaying acquired Standing for Cephalon Simaris in the "View Mission Progress" window during missions.
Fixed some Mods not working when performing Mastery Rank tests.
Fixed sudden lurchy teleportation and animation issues with enemies getting on and off zipline and Ramparts.
Conclave Fix for the 'Kill Feed' in Conclave breaking due to projectile damage sources.
Fixed an issue with the Rage Mod triggering even when all damage was being blocked by Channeled blocking.
Fixed an issue with possible misleading waypoints for Clients on Exterminate missions.
Fixed an issue where if a player uses a ground slam attack while hovering above a push trigger (i.e Corpus Gas Planet vents), they can get stuck in the animation and can't get off the push trigger.
Fixed Capture Targets trying to run through a wall to reach the escape point in Grineer Rescue levels.
Fixed an issue with Inaros' Devouring allies affected by Radiation Damage and permanently locking Inaros in the animation for the duration of the mission.
Fixed Alt-Tab shortcut tabbing through chat tabs when chat expanded
Fixed some instances of opening steam overlay causing chat tabs to cycle when the Steam overlay shortcut is Shift-Tab
Fixed Data Mass in Mobile Defense missions being unrecoverable after Host migration when dropped into off-map areas.
Fixed the Right Dendra forearm guard clipping through arm mounted weapons like the Sonicor and Gammacor.
Fixed crafting an original Arcane helmet when you already have one in your inventory, consuming the BluePrint but not giving you the completed Helmet.
Fixed incorrect puddle textures in the Uranus tileset.
Fixed Grineer specific Exploding Barrels using explosion effects designated for Corpus Barrels.
Fixed not being able to apply skins to the Dark-Split Sword.
Fixed the Arcata appearing unranked in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed Disruptor Drones in the Law of Retribution not blocking damage in a consistent manner.
Fixed destroying multiple Disruptor Drone bubbles in the Law of Retribution being difficult due to stacking on top of each other.
Fixed rolling while charging a charge fire weapon (bow) not canceling out the charge as intended.
Fixed missing the icon for Hive sortie missions in the World State Window.
Fixed unneeded resources floating where they touched Mag when she bullet jumps in the Simulacrum.
Fixed a script error when viewing the End of Mission screen in your Landing Craft for a mission where you didn't have a sentinel equipped.
Fixed script error when trying to use the search bar in certain categories.
Fixed custom icons for Syndicate missions/Alerts/etc not appearing in place of generic node icons.
Fixed rolling while the Lunaro explodes in your hand, not knocking you down.
Fixed an issue with Paracyst and Radial Javelin attacks not properly passing through or being amplified by Volt Shields.
Fixed an issue with clients seeing a UI notification when the host of their game scanned their personal Library target while the client has a different target.
Fixed an issue with Disruptor Drones in the Law of Retribution not properly registering hitscan weapon fire.
Fixed an animation issue seen in Banshee's Diorama.
Fixed Scanner reticles not showing progress of the current scan.
Fixed not being able to enter your Dojo from the Solar Chart.
Fixed Corpus Techs having bad collision when suspended via Vauban's Bastille.
Fixed an aggressive screenshake for Clients when the host casts Zephyr's Tornado.
Fixed Passives disappearing when switching between About and Build tabs.
Fixed Nyx's' passive attempting to disarm already disarmed enemies.
Fixed Executioner Dhurnams flashbang not working on clients.
Fixed the growing Valkyr Hysteria aura turning invisible by Naramons Shadow Step.
Fixed offsets for Lunaro Riv Set chest armour pieces for several Warframes.
Fixed a Lunaro match starting immediately after migrating in the lobby while waiting for all players to join.
Fixed being able to spam Saryn's Miasma while moving if you cast it immediately after casting Toxic Lash.
Fixed Mod icons appearing incorrect when viewing the End of Mission screen back in your Landing Craft.
Fixed an issue where the cosmetics list wouldn't refresh after changing weapons.
Fixed Banshee's Idle animation displaying incorrect FX.
Fixed Polarize sound effects not being properly created for clients in Conclave matches.
Fixed an issue with players not getting properly knocked down when performing a dodgeroll.
Fixed Ivara's Navigator not deactivating when inside Mag's Magnetize bubble.
Fixed an issue with late joining players not having the correct aura color in Lunaro matches.
Fixed seeing censored words after disabling the Chat Profanity filter.
Fixed Ash Prime missing his helmet dangles in the Codex diorama.
Fixed not seeing an objective marker for Capture Targets on Venus missions.
Fixed issue with Lech Kril sometimes getting stuck in his animation when attempting to throw his Brok.
Fixed issue with Lech Kril sometimes getting stuck in his animation when attempting to charge.
Fixed Lech Kril always holding his Gorgon during his melee attack.
Fixed an issue with Steam Big Pic gamepad bindings being wiped if Warframe was launched outside of Big Pic mode.
Fixed a number of AI navigation issues present on the Corpus Gas City tilesets.
Fixed an issue with players being able to clip through the incubator section of the Landing Craft.
Fixed a number of AI naviation issues present on the Grineer Ocean tileset.
Fixed an issue with Prisma Grakata weapon model missing a magazine.
Fixed an issue with Magnetize absorbing more damage than intended from beam weapons.
Fixed an issue with Magnetize and Cataclysm not properly interacting with Nullifer bubbles.
Fixed an issue with Clem not properly firing his Twin Grakata's in his quest mission.
Fixed an issue with AI enemies not properly attacking after being affected by Radial Disarm.
Fixed an issue with animations not properly playing if the pause menu is activated during the Lunaro countdown.
Fixed an issue with players facing a random direction following Lunaro half time.
Fixed a crash related to host's aborting Jordas Precept Quest sessions.
Fixed an issue with Artmis Bow refills not properly drawing ammo from reserves.
Fixed an issue with Kubrow bleedout timers continuing to tick while a player is dead.
Fixed an issue with players being temporarily stuck crouching if crouching during the start of a Lunaro goal replay.
Fixed an issue with Lephantis damage amounts being inconsistent between host and client.
FIxed an issue with certain teleport volumes not working correctly on Grineer Forest tilesets.
Fixed an issue with Arsenal values not properly accounting for frame level when displaying modded stats.
Fixed an issue with the first shot fired when using a scoped weapon not properly registering if moving at the same time the trigger is pulled.
Fixed parrying mid combo not resetting the combo chain in Lunaro.
Fixed a case where Nekros' Soul Punch caused some performance issues.
Fixed an issue where quest missions would have the wrong difficulty and thus not give you quest rewards because you didn't qualify.
Fixed an issue with players spawning above the combat area if revived during the second stage of the Lephantis fight.

## Hotfix: Lunaro 7 + 7.1
**Date:** 2016-06-29T20:32:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix: Lunaro 6
**Date:** 2016-06-28T17:58:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
Mag Prime, Boar Prime, and the Dakra Prime have been added to the Void for a limited time:

### Changes
The minimum players per team for a Lunaro match to start is now 1.
The Grineer have now trained their Kubrow and Kavats to attack priority targets even if their masters have been killed. 
Concentrated the Drekar Ballista drop-table slightly in an attempt to disperse more Toxic Flight Mods.
Increased the FX lifespan on Nova's Molecular Prime as it can last longer than a minute when modded for maximum duration.

### Fixes
Lunaro: Hotfix 6
Fixed Volt's Speed trail FX disappearing when recasted. 
Fixed Lotus transmissions warning you of an approaching Prosecutor.
Fixed Vay Hek's armour not being affected by Corrosive procs. 
Fixed numerous localization issues.

## Hotfix: Lunaro 5
**Date:** 2016-06-23T21:11:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Lunaro: Hotfix 5:
A Public Lunaro match will now only start when 6 people have joined the lobby. This alleviates joining a game in progress that may be very one sided and not enjoying Lunaro to its fullest! 
Players will be unable to join a Lunaro match in progress if the score difference is greater than 6 points. 
Your reticle will now appear different when in possession of the Lunaro. 
Fixed the Lunaro lobby displaying slots for 8 players instead of 6.
Fixed shoulder charging sometimes not working in Lunaro.
Fixed a rare occurrence where the Arcata would do 2x melee damage in Lunaro.
Fixed the reticle changing when activating an Emote in Lunaro.
Fixed being able to shoulder charge twice consecutively while sliding in Lunaro. 
Fixed losing all Standing gain and Challenge progress when a Host Migration occurs in the Conclave.
Fixed a match ending if the Lunaro hits a wall with approximately less than 1 second left. The match should only end on catch or when the Lunaro hits the ground at that time.
Volt's Electric Shield will now ragdoll enemies when being carried while sprinting, like so:
Volt's Speed has been reverted to instantly affect allies in the cast radius, rather than create a pick-up. 
Allies can now backflip(aim + directional roll backwards) to remove Volt's Speed if they wish to opt-out.
Hyekka Masters will now join the fight on Ceres Defense missions.
Expanded Interception hacking terminals slightly so that bulky enemies like Chargers can get to them without requiring a dialing wand. 
Gave a number of enemies advanced instruction in how to hack Interception terminals.
Improved the direction in which your Warframe will perform a dodge roll.

### Fixes
Fixed hacking beams not showing up for Clients in Archwing Interception missions.
Fixed an issue where changes made with the Emote picker would only work the first time around; after exiting and re-entering the Emote picker any changes made would no longer take hold.
Fixed incorrect Nyx Prime textures are per:
Fixed new players not being given the Arcata, resulting in a functionality loss in the Conclave Arsenal.
Fixed colliding/clipping with Orokin Sabotage consoles.
Fixed numerous localization issues.

## Hotfix: Lunaro 4
**Date:** 2016-06-20T21:44:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Lunaro: Hotfix 4:
You will now be immune to damage and staggers for 2 seconds after being knocked down, but can still have the Lunaro knocked out of your Arcata. 
Increased immunity from staggers after being staggered from 4 to 5 seconds in Lunaro.
Tweaked knockdown sounds in Lunaro.
Fixed interrupted animations playing again a second time in Lunaro.
Fixed a host migration in the Lunaro lobby resulting in a solo match that never ended.
Fixed being able to gain Affinity and Standing from goals in a Solo Lunaro game after gaining a hollow victory in the Practice mode.
More improvements to matchmaking using world-position estimates. 
Login Reward Mods like Primed Fury are no longer tradeable. This is due to the nature of how the reward is obtained, and how as a result people may feel enticed to create multiple accounts. 
Increased enemy priority to take cover in Defense missions.

### Fixes
Fixed various exploits related to mission rewards. 
Fixed enemies continuing their actions (hacking, firing, etc) after getting teleported off ziplines/interactable objects.
Fixed Emotes not saving when exiting the Arsenal.
Fixed crash with Captain Vor in the Void if a player disconnected at the wrong moment during his spawn phase. This could prevent Waves from continuing.

## Hotfix: Lunaro 3
**Date:** 2016-06-17T22:01:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Lunaro: Hotfix 3:
Returned Shield Recharge Delay to 10 seconds in Conclave.
You can now be knocked down during a roll/dodge. 
Removed the stagger effect from the Arcata in Lunaro
it'll now take multiple swings landed to stun an opponent.
Improved teammate visibility from across the Lunaro field.
Tweaked numerous sounds related to the Lunaro.
Tweaked half-time Teshin VO. 
Fixed Lunaro Challenges not working for Clients.
Fixed the Lunaro to knock you in the direction it's travelling instead of a random direction. 
Fixed shoulder charge attacks not hitting the Lunaro when charging around floor/wall objects.
Potential fix for idle Arcata spin not playing sometimes.
Fixed punches and kicks missing the Lunaro in certain situations.
Fixed standing kick attacks not hitting anything if the player stands still.
Fixed Clients not seeing knockdowns from angry Lunaros. 
Fixed being able to knock away the ball in the same attack that you knocked it loose.
Fixed minor cause where you were able to hit players when you shouldn't have been able to.

### Fixes
Fixed Executioner Dhurnam not spawning in level 60 Rathuum. 
Fixed the EMP Aura Mod missing from the Codex.
Fixed the Edo Prime Armor not sitting correctly on Frost/Frost Prime. 
Fixed the Arcata appearing as an 'Unranked' weapon in the Arsenal. 
Fixed various translation errors.

## Hotfix: Lunaro 2
**Date:** 2016-06-16T18:25:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Lunaro: Hotfix 2:

## Hotfix: Lunaro 1
**Date:** 2016-06-16T04:01:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Additions
There is new End of MIssion Complete & and Mission Failed music!
P.S we have a slightly new naming format for Updates and Hotfixes as part of www.warframe.com/thepath

### Changes
Lunaro: Hotfix 1:

### Fixes
Fixed the Riv Armor not applying properly on Valkyr.
Fixed Enemies not spawning in Interception missions.
Fixed losing your gear wheel customization when entering a mission. You may need to respec your gear in the Arsenal
at this time you may see incorrect numbers for your gear, but rest assured it's there.

## Update: Lunaro
**Date:** 2016-06-15T23:58:19Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Update: Lunaro:
Lunaro!
Tenno, you've fought long and valiantly. Now, put down your arms and join in the newest addition to Conclave. The honor-bound sport, Lunaro!
A contact ball sport played long ago by Tenno of years past, Lunaro is a new Conclave mode that accommodates up to four players per team. This new game mode focuses on skill, mobility, teamwork and creativity.
Work together on team Sun or Moon to move the ball -
or Lunaro -
up an Orokin arena, into the opponent's goal. Defend your zone by smashing the Lunaro out of your opponent's possession or knocking them to the ground with a crushing hit.
A letter on 'Lunaro Rules!' from [DE] Steve:
Source:
To get started Playing Lunaro, visit the Conclave station on your Landing Craft. You will be able to play the Practice tutorial there, it'll help!
Reveal hidden contents
- Teams Sun and Moon (each with up to 4 players) compete for two 5-minute halves
- Players on offense must work together to move the Lunaro towards the goal
-Throw the Lunaro with left click - tap for light throw, or hold for strong throw
-The Lunaro is dropped when bullet jumping, or after holding for 5 seconds
-Pass to teammates by tapping left click
-Teammate eligible for pass when marked by arrow chevron
- Players on defense can stop the opposition by taking away the Lunaro
-Left click to swing at the opposing player
-Press E to perform a shoulder check
-Hold right click to attempt intercepting the Lunaro
- If a loose Lunaro is struck it will become 'charged', knocking down players in its way
-A purple trail indicates if a Lunaro is 'charged'
SCORING:
- Shooting the Lunaro into the goal from within the opposing team's zone nets 1 point
- Scoring from outside the opposing team's zone adds +1 point
- Scoring with a 'charged' Lunaro adds +1 point
- 'Charged' goals from outside the zone are worth 3 points total!
- Attackers must clear the defender's zone after they score to re-equip their Lunaro scoop
- You can now use Emotes in the Conclave!
- Fixed Ammo spawns disappearing forever after a Host Migration in Conclave.
- Fixed Energy spawn points duplicating in certain tilesets in Conclave.
- Bursas will no longer drop Common Mods (Revenge, Ammo Drum).
- Increased the Mod drop rate on hacked Bursas.
- Improved matchmaking to be more reliable overall. 
- Revised the UI icons for Operator hair to display better.
- You can no longer send gifts to those who have not finished Vor's Prize. the tutorial.
- Drekar Hellions will now spawn on Uranus Survival missions. 
- Slightly increased the Mod drop chance on Locust Drones. 
- Slightly improved screen-to-screen latency between remote clients.
- Dregs and Lancer Dregs will now drop Morphic Transformer. 
- Other context actions will take priority over picking up Volt's Electric Shield. This prevents accidentally picking up the Electric Shield that you placed down to protect you while you revive your fellow Tenno. 
- Improved the ability to teleport on slopes/stairs. 
- Improved Interception AI to better prioritize their attacks and hacking objectives.

### Fixes
- Fixed Operator hair colour appearing incorrectly when summoned in a mission.
- Fixed gaining an unintended amounts of sudden velocity when rolling in perfect timing with a double jump. A Developer note here: the parkour combination is still possible and remains an effective way to maneuver and travel forward if you have mastered the keystrokes. 
- Fixed the Prisma Gorgon's firing sounds cutting out randomly. 
- Fixed being unable to send a game invite to the previous Host that left the session.
- Fixed appearing frozen when attempting to join a lobby while in the Simulacrum.
- Fixed Executioner Zura not attempting to melee you when in range, or switching to her Ripkas.
- Fixed hearing fully charged sounds when firing the Angstrums last shot as per:
- Fixed being unable to select enemies in the Simulacrum when using a controller.
- Fixed Drekar Hellion's not using their jetpacks. 
- Fixed being able to pass through locked doors on Ivara's Dashwire. 
- Fixed seeing Client squadmates in different positions when traversing a zipline. 
- Fixed the Maiming Strike Mod not applying Critical Damage if your slide was cancelled right before you attacked the enemy. 
- Fixed stopping dead in mid-air when attempting to roll out of an Aim-Glide with your Melee weapon in hand. 
- Fixed not being able to put attachments on the Dual Split-Sword. 
- Fixed a crash when fighting Corrupted Captain Vor.
- Fixed a script crash in the Interception HUD that could occur when leaving the mission.
- Fixed a script error when exiting the water with a Velocitus equipped.
- Fixed performance problems in certain levels caused by torrential log-spam due to loading decorations. 
- Fixed incorrect Channeling FX on Banshee's Soprana skin as per:
- Fixed Zephyr's Turbulence not deflecting bullets from hitscan weapons while in mid-air as per
- Fixed Vauban's Tesla not being affected by Power Strength Mods as a Client. 
- Fixed Hydroid's abilities causing a delay when attempting to melee or cast another power as per: Fixed Valkyr's Hysteria draining twice the amount of Energy as per: Fixed Valkyr's Hysteria applying efficiency Mods twice as per: 
- Fixed Ivaras Infiltrate Augment Mod not protecting you from lasers in the Orokin Moon, Grineer, and Uranus spy mission tilesets. 
- Fixed some cases where Ash's Fatal Teleport Augment wouldn't auto finish enemies moving quickly.
- Fixed Ash's Fatal Teleport Augment targeting dead bodies.
- Fixed Ash's Fatal Teleport Augment failing to activate when moving too quickly (bullet jump, etc.).
- Fixed the Mutalist Cernos not creating toxin clouds as per: 
- Fixed numerous localization errors.

## Hotfix 18.14.2
**Date:** 2016-06-09T21:21:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 18.14.0 + 18.14.0.1 + 18.14.1
**Date:** 2016-06-08T22:00:02Z | **Type:** Update
## Hotfix 18.13.3
**Date:** 2016-06-02T17:45:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 18.13.3:

### Fixes
- Fixed players attempting to play a solo forced mission (Tutorial, Second Dream) being thrown into a public match and hanging on an unresponsive black screen.
- Fixed a gradual decrease in performance that could occur in long duration missions if a player cast Equinox's Metamorphosis ability while having a Sigil equipped.
- Fixed insta-killing enemies with Mag's Magnetize + Crush due to enemies not being able to get up.
- Disabled PhysX Effects on systems with CPUs that support AVX without operating-system support (ie: before Windows 7 SP1).

## Hotfix 18.13.2
**Date:** 2016-06-01T22:37:51Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 18.13.2
We've received word from the Lotus that everyone will have 7 days following the launch of 18.13.2 to claim a free Forma via inbox simply by logging in shortly after we launch.
With the power of all your Draco runs, we have intercepted this message:
You have fought long and hard for our cause
learning to master many Warframes and Weapons in your Arsenal. Take this gift of Forma as a token of my appreciation for your willingness to bend the will of your equipment to suit your needs on the battlefield.
The Lotus.
Trinity Changes & Fixes
Blessing: Damage Resistance is no longer calculated based on an Average, but instead a flat value simply capped at 75% (which can be achieved via use of Strength mods). The squad UI now shows who is in range with the Tenno Affinity marker.
Fixed Trinity's Blessing dealing a possible infinite damage multiplier.
Valkyr Changes:
Hysteria: Each kill reduces her Hysteria Aura by 1 meter, the aura will continue to grow but killing frequently will keep it tight around you so you can control its range.
Mag Changes & Fixes
Improved the FX of Mag's Polarize.
Fixed Mag's Crush FX not playing properly for Clients.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize bubble being invisible when inside it.
Fixed Mag dealing self-damage with Magnetize.
Enemy Plasma Grenade Changes
Before Plasma Grenades explode, they will live for 3 seconds after coming to a rest on the ground.
Plasma Grenades can now be shot in air or when they are on the ground.
When an enemy Plasma Grenade is shot and killed, it will explode and damage any enemies in range with no damage to you. A Tenno with a keen ear will be able to identify these threats and counter them with an accurate shot before it's too late.
Enemy Changes & Fixes
Ballistas will have telegraphing when they are winding up to fire off a round from their deadly Vulkars. An observant Tenno will be better able to identify and prioritize these threats.
Hyekka Masters: Fixed the Hyekka Master's Ignis dealing damage through walls.
Please see our Developer Workshop Part 4 for more information:
Starting Mod Capacity Changes:
The starting Mod Capacity for your gear (new or Forma'd) is now determined by your Mastery Rank and if an item has an Orokin Reactor or Catalyst installed.
For example, a Mastery 20 player would experience the following:
Claim a new Warframe from the Foundry with no Reactor installed.
Observe the 'Unranked' item and see the starting Mod capacity is 20.
Install a Reactor, observe the Mod capacity has doubled to 40.
The formula is:
Starting Mod Capacity = Mastery Rank (x2 if Orokin Reactor/Catalyst installed).
The cap on capacity remains unchanged.
Please note this is a slight deviation of our discussions on how Mastery Rank will reflect gear level, but by affecting capacity it fundamentally enables you to use Mods the moment you get your hands on new gear or Forma an item. Have fun!
Hek Sound Changes
As widely requested, Hek's original sound has been restored and our Sound Team has made it work with the new weapon sound tech.
Our Audio Director, [DE]George, has provided insight into why we changed the Hek sound originally here:
Changes
The squad UI now shows who is in range with the Tenno Affinity marker.
Reduced the lens flare in the pause menu.
Lanka projectiles will now only increase the combo counter once per enemy hit when shot into Mag's Magnetize. This also fixes firing the Lanka in Mag's Magnetize bubble resulting in a massive unintended Sniper combo increase.
Increased the sound radius on Volt's Speed pickup for allies.
Zephyr's Tornado post FX and camera shake will only be visible to the caster.
Reduced the post FX of Zephyr's Tornados when the Funnel Clouds Augment is equipped.
Improved handling of corrupted installs (repair instead of crashing).
Fixes
Fixed dead players receiving shared Tenno Affinity.
Fixed a rare case of crashing from reviving a fallen Tenno.
Possible fix for Chroma's Effigy being invisible and dealing no damage as per:
Fixed Loki's Radial Disarm increasing the number of enemies when cast in Kela De Thaym's Arena.
Fixed backing out of the Arsenal after making a purchase and switching loadouts, reverting you back to the loadout you had equipped when entering the Arsenal.
Fixed Operator's heads and hairstyles displaying the incorrect title.
Fixed having multiples of the same Chat Tab.
Possible fix for Clients seeing the incorrect FX from The Nightwatch Napalm Mod.
Fixed Loki's incorrect passive description.
Fixed multiple Bastille's appearing when casted by Vauban in Mag's Polarize.
Fixed Mag's Magnetize bubble lingering permanently when Vauban's Vortex/Bastille is thrown inside it. This also fixes intensified FX in this situation that caused performance issues.
Fixed Hydroid's passive activating when punching with a fist weapon.
Fixed performance issues due to having 4+ Hyekka's on screen.
Fixed the Aquiros Syandana hanging incorrectly.
Fixed missed discrepancy Mod descriptions.
Fixed more collisions on Orokin doors that cause players to get caught in between the gap and eaten by the door.
Fixed overlapping text of Mags abilities in the Tutorial UI.
Fixed Volt's Electric Shield lingering for other players after disappearing for the caster.
Fixed Ash's Arcane Locust and Arcane Scorpion Helmet not being tradable.
Fixed Ivara's Prowl ability sound not cancelling out when casting a Focus ability.
Fixed seeing a random 'Level Up' notification with no context.
Possible fix for crashing on shutdown when running DirectX 10 or 11.
Fixes Mesa's Peacemaker effects sticking around permanently in rare situations.
Fixed numerous crashes.

## Hotfix 18.13.1
**Date:** 2016-05-28T02:45:03Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Temporarily removed Mag's Vacuum Passive sound until we can refine.

### Fixes
Fixed Valkyr's Warcry not having any effect when cast.
Fixed having an unpurchased TennoGen attachment item in your inventory.
Fixed crashing in the Arcane installment screen.
Multishot Secondary Mods are now properly inherited with Mesa's Peacemaker. For added clarity, only non-weapon specific Secondary Mods scale with Peacemaker. We are still reviewing this for results to see if it needs scaling back in terms of sheer damage output. Please note that Regulators base damage was reduced in 18.13.1 to compensate for Multishot inheriting damage potential.
Possible fix for GeForce 1080 users being unable to play Warframe.

## Hotfix 16.3.5
**Date:** 2015-04-17T18:00:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Increased the damage of Sicarus weapons in PvP.

### Fixes
Amd Fixes:
With the generous assistance of several engineers from AMD we have implemented a possible workaround for a nasty crash that could occur when running multi-threaded DirectX 10 or 11 on the latest Catalyst 14.12 drivers. We are optimistic that this workaround will not only avoid the crash but may also eliminate other related problems like black-textures and other cases of memory-corruption.
More details on the crash can be found here:
At this time we would encourage all players using AMD graphics cards to update to the latest Catalyst Omega 14.12 drivers and re-enable DirectX 11 in the launcher settings. We will be analyzing crashes reported over the weekend to confirm that this problem is indeed fixed and so as always we would appreciate it if you could submit all crashes to us:
Reveal hidden contents
Fixed secondary weapons floating away from Chroma (for real this time).
Fixed kills from Chroma's Effigy, Nekros' Shadows of the Dead and the Itzal Archwing's Fighter Escort not counting towards player stats.

## Hotfix 16.3.4
**Date:** 2015-04-16T20:21:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Amd Driver Issues:
In response to continued crashes on AMD drivers we're rolling back our Hotfix change that enabled our Launcher to automatically adjust Driver versions from DirectX 10 or 11. We apologize for the inconvenience and are working hard to get a permanent solution to this issue.

### Fixes
Fixed the Temple of Honor not appearing on the player map in Dojos.
Fixed missing wall textures in Cephalon Capture Orokin level.
Fixed a lack of collision on some wall textures on Corpus ship tilesets.
Fixed a door texture on Assassination Missions in Grineer Shipyards that had missing textures.
Fixed the Rakta Ballistica not sitting on Chroma when holstered.
Fixed Clan ranks not being properly localized.
Fixed various broken textures in Archwing Missions.
Fixed 7 day Affinity Booster not working correctly for accounts under the referral program.
Fixed Vauban's Perpetual Vortex Mod no longer pulling in enemies after the initial Vortex time has ended.
Fixed muzzle flash not showing properly on weapons as per:

## Hotfix 16.3.3 + 16.3.3.1
**Date:** 2015-04-15T23:15:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Amd Driver Issues:
Vauban
Perpetual Vortex: Vortex's duration is increased by % for each additional Vortex thrown into the initial Vortex.
Zephyr
Funnel Clouds: Tornado generates an additional X tornadoes, but tornadoes have reduced size and do not pull enemies.Excalibur
Radial Finish: Blinded enemies are vulnerable to finishers, taking increased finisher damage.
(Note: In reference to discussed Future changes to Excalibur in Devstream 50, we may adjust of some of his Augment Mods in the future)
Corpus Crewmen Enemies will sit through their death animations for longer, rather than cutting straight to ragdoll / fade away. This refers to this particular question:
Made various network changes to help reduce latency in users that see high ping spikes.
Updated the Gemini Nikana Sheathe bundle to require Mastery Rank 4 to help prevent players from purchasing the item without owning a Nikana.
Inviting someone to a Squad that fails to join will now give a more specific message instead of 'player has declined your invitation'.

### Fixes
Fixed issue in Conclave where a Host's group was not being cleared if players left his Squad in the lobby.
Fixed issues with lighting and colour effects on certain Venus maps that could result in a very flat and desaturated look (as per screenshot).
 Reveal hidden contents
Fixed a crash that would occur in the Relays as players joined and left.
Fixed various gameplay crashes.
But: managed to snag a still image of what you can expect!
Reveal hidden contents
Fixed an unreleased cosmetic appearing in the market.
Fixed MK1 Braton not being able to use skins.

## Hotfix 16.3.2
**Date:** 2015-04-13T20:15:53Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Conclave Changes:
Slightly reduced the damage of Soma and Soma Prime in PvP.

### Fixes
Fixed various issues causing Host and Client hangups on the loading screen in Conclave.
Fixed an issue that would occur when using Ash's Blade Storm when inside Limbo's Rift.
Fixed the End of Mission 'Summary' screen showing an incorrect number of Mods obtained as per
Fixed Simaris' dialogue appearing twice when making a purchase in his Sanctuary.
Fixed an issue where the HUD would freeze after using an Ability Power.
Fixed an issue where some Upgrades were not properly showing stat changes after ranking up.
Fixed instances of the Manic getting himself stuck in open areas.
Fixed Nullifier Crewmen not nullifying Chroma's Effigy or Nekros' Shadows of the Dead summons.
Fixed an issue in Archwing missions causing Missions to lock up mid-combat.
Fixed MOAs still being spawnable in the Blackout Tactical Alert.

## Hotfix 16.3.1 + 16.3.1.1 + Tactical Alert
**Date:** 2015-04-10T17:23:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Tactical Alert: Blackout
Tenno,
My contact has informed me of a convoy of abandoned merchant vessels drifting in dead space. Seems like such a waste of good product to just leave it floating there when it could be on my shelves instead.
Reactivate the navigation consoles, and I can reroute them to a... secure location. After I take down the inventory of each ship, we can share the dividends, minus my usual finder's fee of course.
-Darvo
Help Darvo between 3:30 p.m. EDT and Wednesday, April 15 at 2 p.m. EDT and you'll be rewarded with the following:
Complete Stage 1: Orokin Catalyst Blueprint
Complete Stage 2: Orokin Reactor Blueprint
Complete Stage 3: Stratos Emblem
Conclave Changes
Soma Prime is now usable in PvP.
Changes
Reward descriptions have been added to the World State Window.
Added red lights to vent entrances on Spy Vaults to help make them stand out better.
Made various lighting updates.
Fixes
Fixed Helios' Simaris skin using the wrong energy color.
Fixed emblems not sitting properly on Frost, Frost Prime and Mag Prime.
Fixed some instances of player names being rejected due to 'invalid characters'.
Fixed Ash getting stuck in Bladestorm animations when used on Zanuka.
Fixed Cephalon's duplicating in Cephalon Capture after a Host Migration.
Fixed issues in Spy Vault that would occur when G3 spawns.
Fixed security cameras in Corpus Spy Vaults seeing players through some windows.
Fixed visual issues on exploding Grineer Galleon featured in tutorial missions.
Fixed space skybox showing on some planetary tilesets.
Fixed a 'black portal' to a dead end room in the Corpus Gas Cities.
Fixed Grineer Forcefields and Spy vault laser traps affecting Limbo while in Rift Walk
he should be immune to these traps while in the Rift.
Fixed issues with some Archwing missions being unplayable if a full loadout wasn't setup.
Fixed Zanuka/Harvester's pin attack not working properly.
Fixed a game freeze that could occur when using Excalibur's Radial Javelin on ragdolled enemies.
Fixed a visual issue where carried Cephalons turn into power cores after a Host Migration in Conclave.
Changes
Players can no longer summon friendly MOAs in the Blackout Tactical Alert.
Fixes
Fixed the Blackout Tactical Alert switching to Exterminate mid-mission.
To clarify, this Fix addresses the chance that every Mission normally has for the Lotus to change the Mission Objective. Previously it was possible for the Mission to be altered, thereby causing problems in the event, as per .
Fixes
Fixed some issues with many in-game chat commands not functioning (/inv, /w, etc).
Fixed issue that caused Excalibur's Radial Javelin to not kill enemies.
Fixed Archwing components not showing up in the player inventory after crafting was complete.

## Update 16.3: The New Protocols
**Date:** 2015-04-08T21:51:23Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
New Soma-inspired weapons available now!
Tenno, complement your Soma with the power of the Aksomati pistols and the razor-sharp Dual Raza hatchets. Get them separately or purchase them with the Soma assault rifle in a discounted bundle!
AKSOMATI
The devastating power of the Soma rifle compacted into two elegant pistols.
DUAL RAZA
These razor-sharp battle hatchets are designed to complement the Soma.
SUPREME SOMA SET
This bundle features the Soma assault rifle, Dual Raza hatchets and Aksomati pistols. Sharing a unique style, the weapons in this set will inspire awe in your allies and fear in your foes.
Get these new in-game additions by visiting the Market today!
Tenno,
Our scouts have returned from investigating Corpus and Grineer ships. They have discovered key details on new systemic overhauls to their data storage facilities.
Reports filed from our surviving agents show many of the classified vaults we have infiltrated have been relocated or given an extensive retrofit. Many have been upgraded to more advanced security systems. These new vaults were designed to counter forced entry. Increased patrols and movement-sensitive alarms will make infiltration difficult.
Use caution when accessing these secure data vaults. We must show our enemies there is no obscurity the Tenno cannot uncover.
-Lotus
3 new Spy Vaults have been added to Corpus Spy Missions
3 new Spy Vaults have been added to Grineer Spy Missions
Players will now see a greater variation in what Spy Vaults appear in Missions, with each tileset randomly generated from existing vaults.
Each Vault (old or new) contains randomly altered features that will make replaying a familiar vault less predictable but still open to multiple solutions.
New Augment Mods
New Helmets
Mirage's unique Trivelin Helmet and Limbo's stylish Magrite Helmet will give your Warframe a new look. Both helmets are available in the Market today!
Conclave Changes
Cephalons in Cephalon Capture will now return to their spawn after 10 seconds after being dropped.
Made various localization updates to Conclave announcement messages.
Increased the damage of all Braton weapons in PvP.
Increased the damage of the Gorgon in PvP.
Increased the damage of all Magnus weapons in PvP.
Increased the damage of the Furax in PvP.
Increased the damage of the Gram in PvP.
Squads in PvP will only be shuffled for players who joined a match alone. Players who joined a queue together will remain together from match to match.
Reduced the radius of knockdown effects from slide attacks in PvP.
Players can now view match progress while spectating in PvP by entering the pause menu.
Made audio ambiance tweaks to all maps.
Increased the Energy drain of the Martial Magnetism in PvP.
The Aksomati and Dual Raza are available for use in Conclave!
Grineer Manic Changes
Adjusted Grineer Manic to regen 2% of health a second, after a 7 second delay. 
Slightly lowered the damage of claw attack and the Manic's Slash proc chance of his attacks.
Changes
Increased the amount of decorations that can be placed in the Liset to 40.
Added 'Invite Squad Member' label to the Squad UI.
Notifications for events shown in the Liset's Navigation console will now update their time remaining at 24h, 12h, 1h, 30min, 15min, 5m and 0s.
Lowered the difficulty of the Spy Missions in the Stolen Dreams Quest.
Hackable consoles can no longer be used by Limbo while in the Rift.
Corpus security cameras now only activate laser grids within 20m of their position.
Kubrow and Sentinels will no longer set off laser alarms in the Spy game mode.
Life Support in Survival no longer spawn from crates or lockers before the Life Support drain begins or after the Life Support drain ends.
Made various adjustments to the /unstuck command's parameters.
Reduced the number of co-op hack doors on Spy Missions on the Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Reduced the amount of backtracking necessary in Spy Missions on the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Reduced the radius of knockdown effects from slide attacks in PvE.
Added small lights to consoles in Corpus Spy Vaults.
Adjusted Ember's Accelerant effects to show its range more accurately.
Emblems can now be used on either shoulder.
Made small adjustments to Chroma's Effigy to be less intrusive.
Made small adjustments to Kohm audio and visual effects.
Made various audio adjustments for surround sound and stereo.
Made audio adjustments to Darvo and Grineer Manic.
Updated audio on Soma and Soma Prime.
Research displayed in Simaris' Sanctuary will now show the top 5 contributors.
Made adjustments to Rare Spawn scanning targets to prevent them from spawning in difficult to reach places such as Spy Vaults, Extraction or near turrets.
Sigils dropped from bosses no longer consume the boss resource drops, and will be given in addition to the bosses resource.
Trials of Vay Hek Fixes
Fixed an issue where a player sitting on the Revive / Forfeit menu during the Hijack portion of the second phase would cause the Mission to stop progressing.
Fixes
Fixed upgrades to Sentinel ammo capacity not properly reflecting in the Arsenal.
Fixed an issue where players with high latency could turn the UI invisible, preventing them from being able to select Missions.
Fixed rare and ultra-rare loot crates using the regular drop table in Survival and Void Survival.
Fixed kill messages not displaying properly in Cephalon Capture for Clients.
Fixed players being unable to navigate the End of Mission tabs in Conclave when using a gamepad or controller.
Fixed visual effects not appearing on the Edo Prime chest armor.
Fixed an error occurring at the end of Conclave matches that was preventing the End of Mission results screen from loading.
Fixed players not getting their Friends List updated to reflect a Friend having completed the Mission they were in.
Fixed a graphical issue on some transparent surfaces as per:
Fixed various issues with AI pathing in Orokin Survival.
Fixed an issue on Grineer Forest tilesets on where players using Zephyr can float above the level using Tail Wind, but then become unable to get back to the ground.
Fixed an issue in Cephalon Capture where players would be unable to join a session in-progress that's gone through two Host Migrations.
Fixed lighting issue in elevator connector room on Corpus Power Storage tilesets.
Fixed issue that would cause Loki's Invisibility texture to fill the entire screen as per:
Fixed an issue where affinity earned from Cephalon Simaris scans was not visible on the End of Mission screen.
Fixed a crash that would occur when using the /unstuck command in non-Mission levels as per:
Fixed the Archwing loadout section of the Arsenal appearing for players who have no Archwings.
Fixed an issue that was causing Mods to not drop properly from enemies.
Fixed the Kogake's slide attack sweeping from the left hand instead of the left foot. Also adjusted the timing to better match the animation.
Fixed issue where using Chroma in a Mastery Test would cause enemies to stop spawning.
Fixed Mastery Rank Sigils not displaying properly in Relays.
Fixed broken Navigation markers not working properly in Void Derelict hallways.
Fixed Proto-Excalibur helmet not working with other skins.
Fixed players who purchased the Proto-Excalibur skin not receiving the Proto-Excalibur helmet.
Fixed an issue in the Grineer Manic behavior that would prevent the Manic from catching up to fleeing players as easily.
Fixed the Martial Magnetism Mod not functioning properly.
Fixed clients being able to ignore the Grineer Manic's cloak ability.
Fixed the announcement for a player joining a Squad displaying for the player who is joining the session.
Fixed the Cephalon in Cephalon Capture being unrecoverable after a Host Migration.
Fixed players being unable to capture the Cephalon in Cephalon Capture after a Host Migration.
Fixed attachments to the Dragon Nikana's sheathe not displaying properly.
Fixed visual bug that would occur in turret animation in Corpus Spy Vaults.
Fixed enemies being able to easily see players in the upper catwalks of some Corpus Spy Vaults.
Fixed the Grineer Scorpion Machete attack not hitting stationary players all of the time.
Fixed emblems appearing on shoulder rotated incorrectly.
Fixed an issue where players using their 4th Warframe Ability during a Mastery Rank Test in Sanctuary would stop spawning enemies, making it impossible to complete the Mission.
Fixed some issues with players scrolling up and down through items in the Inventory.
Fixed an issue with the Soma where the weapon clip would sit in the wrong position.
Fixed visual issue with the Edo Prime Chest Piece when equipped to a Mirage using Eclipse.
Fixed players in the Tutorial level being able to use the Friends or Clan member list to join another player's session, effectively breaking the tutorial and preventing the player from being able to use any Warframes, weapons or Quests.
Fixed Host Migration in Conclave opening the team selection screen.
Fixed players being unable to swap the polarity of their 'Aura' slot for Sentinels.
Fixed players being unable to see items owned in the Arsenal.
Fixed players still showing on the enemy team when switching sides in Cephalon Capture.
Fixed player emblems not showing properly on right shoulder.
Fixed an error that would occur when using Nyx's Absorb.
Fixed Nyx's Chaos sometimes ending early when a target under Chaos dies.
Fixed the First Daily Win reward being given in Conclave on loss.
Fixed an issue where a downed player could not be revived while moving upwards on an elevator.
Fixed Conclave host migration occurring with only one player left in the match.
Fixed Clients sometimes getting stuck/frozen when getting revived after killing a member of the G3.
Fixed the Tactical Reload Conclave Mod being equipable by Bows.
Fixed XP locked weapons in the Market not showing their cost.
Fixed enemies detecting players through player flashlight lighting.
Fixed typo in Mesa's Longhorn Helmet blueprint.

## Hotfix 16.2.2
**Date:** 2015-04-07T20:02:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes
Removed some procedural rooms from Void Survival that would not spawn Survival points.
Cernos has been given the PBR treatment!
Players can now use the /unstuck command when in Solo mode.The /unstuck command is now usable in any chat channel, but only when a player is in a Mission.
Fixes
Fixed crash that would occur for players using AMD drivers when loading into missions.
Fixed a location on Ceres, Exta where players could become stuck against terrain and the level ceiling.
Fixed issue in Gifting caused by selecting a negative quantity, also prevented players from Gifting negative amounts in the future.
EDIT: BLACK SCREEN Some unfortunate players are getting a nonresponsive black screen on boot up. We're working on this and your support tickets help. Workaround seem to be possible disabling fullscreen in Launcher settings.

## Hotfix 16.2.1
**Date:** 2015-04-06T15:46:34Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes
Removed health regeneration from the Grineer Manic.
Improved the responsiveness of the Grineer Manic's reactive teleport.
Radiation and Toxic procs are now less effective on the Grineer Manic.
Made various localization changes.
The unstuck command will now only function in the Squad chat. Please note that this command is still in the WIP stage, and will be tweaked as necessary! Reminder: Squad chat tab still exists in Solo mode.
Fixes
Fixed crash at boot or when loading into Missions experienced by specific AMD hardware when using DirectX 10 or 11.
Fixed various gameplay crashes.
Fixed Mastery Rank test in the Relay assuming the player selected 'Qualify' when entering the pause menu on the 'Qualify / 'Practice' option.
Fixed issue with 'unstuck' command when used in Archwing.
Fixed Sargas Ruk doing a flashy T-pose on death, instead of dying like a normal Grineer. What an attention seeker!
Fixed Clients displaying incorrect HUD Transmissions during Quest missions.
Fixed Latron Prime Blueprint dropping from Reinforced Orokin Loot Crates instead of Boltor Prime Blueprint.
Fixed the navigation waypoint not properly pathing to extraction points.

## Update 16.2
**Date:** 2015-04-01T22:22:39Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Add the colors of the Orokin to your Warframe and Weapons! This new color picker features colors derived from the relics of the Orokin Empire.
Visit the Market to purchase it today!
AUGMENT MODS
Get these new Augment Mods now by reaching top rank with select Syndicates.
NEW NOGGLES
Nova and Nekros Noggles have been added to the Market today!
Additions
Added an 'unstuck' command to help players escape from areas they would otherwise have had to leave the Mission to escape. The 'unstuck' command can ONLY be used when the player is alive, and will teleport the player to their last good position.The command can be used simply by typing /unstuck
Once the Mission has been completed, you will be required to restart Warframe so that we may receive an appropriate bug report to help identify these problem locations and monitor the use of the unstuck command.
The 'unstuck' command does not currently function in the Liset, Dojo or Conclave.
There is a 2 minute cooldown between use.
Conclave Changes
Increased Frost's Snow Globe slowdown effect in PvP.
Increased Mag's Pull range in PvP.
Increased Volt's Overload field expansion speed, but reduced its range and duration in PvP.
Rhino is no longer invulnerable when performing Rhino Charge in PvP.
Excalibur is no longer invulnerable when performing Slash Dash in PvP.
A respawn timer will now show on the player HUD when dead and spectating.
The Law of Retribution Changes
Vay Hek now has immunity from Warframe powers when he is immune to damage.
Changes
Added various performance improvements for low spec computers.
Made various lighting adjustments and visual improvements in the Relays.
Made various audio adjustments to weapon attacks.
Made improvements to lighting effects on Phobos, Saturn, Neptune, Sedna, Pluto and Mars tilesets.
The Installed Mods section of the Mod foundry will now show Mods on both the PvE and PvP versions of a weapon.
Volt's Shocking Speed effect now has accompanying audio.
Improved visuals on the Glaive's mid-flight explosion effect.
Players will no longer be able to keep Syndicate Medallions found during a Mission if the Mission is not completed.
Made some adjustments to the Ripkas elemental effects.
Updated the sound of Team Restore items.
Fixes
Fixed Volt Prime's blurry textures.
Fixed error that would prevent Chroma from using powers after deactivating Effigy.
Fixed match timer in Cephalon Capture resetting back to 15 minutes on Host migration.
Fixed issue caused by players disconnecting while holding the Cephalon in Cephalon Capture.
Fixed Ash's Bladestorm looping on a single target if that target became immune to the ability after it Bladestorm had begun as per:
Fixed Mirage's clones from Hall of Mirrors sometimes shooting in the wrong direction.
Fixed incomplete textures around door frames and skybox on the Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed issue that would allow for more than 8 players in a Conclave match.
Fixed ugly texture on Grineer elevators.
Fixed profile information being wrong the first time a player profile is viewed in a Mission.
Fixed an issue that would cause a crash on Host migration.
Fixed Mirage's Winter Skin disappearing when Eclipse is activated.
Fixed the team select UI not being usable between Conclave rounds.
Fixed projectiles affected by Mag's Bullet Attractor not doing any damage.
Fixed tinting on Edo Prime Armor and Kazeru Prime Sugatra.
Fixed players joining Conclave in a pre-made squad being separated when entering Cephalon Capture.
Fixed an issue caused by rapidly selecting the Kubrow Imprint menu, causing the menu to become stuck.
Fixed an issue preventing players to bind Warframe powers to buttons on a gamepad / controller.
Fixed the pause menu staying open when dying in Conclave.
Fixed Frost's Avalanche showing duplicate effects for Clients.
Fixed Lech Kril's Sigil dropping from Orokin Vor.
Fixed black screen that would occur when launching Assassination Missions on the Corpus Outpost tileset.
Fixed Sanctuary Rare Spawn targets spawning in Mastery tests.
Fixed Simaris' text dialogue appearing twice and overlapping whenever a purchase is made in Sanctuary.
Fixed enemies becoming immune to melee attacks when hit with Excalibur's Radial Javelin.
Fixed an issue in the tutorial caused by navigating the Menu mid-Mission.
Fixed an issue causing pigment pick up messages to repeat over other items picked up during a mission.
Fixed areas of the Relay concourse where players were able to escape into space.
Fixed graphical issues with some decorations in Relays.
Fixed some issues with Synthesis Rare Spawn fleeing behavior when scanned.

## Hotfix 16.1.6
**Date:** 2015-03-31T15:41:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes
Made various localization changes for Portuguese and Chinese.
Fixes
Added packet-loss tolerance to the network analysis to avoid bogus Firewall errors (evidently Singapore is difficult for some people to communicate with).

## Hotfix 16.1.5
**Date:** 2015-03-30T22:24:13Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes
Improved the texture details on Volt Prime.
Removed the tutorial versions of enemies from Codex, as they are identical to normal enemies.
Fixes
Fixed Boss Sigils missing from the drop tables. Our apologies on how long this took to investigate.
Fixed Chroma playing idle animations when using Spectral Scream as per:
Fixed Rhino's Iron Skin not being deactivated when entering bleedout, preventing players from bleeding out.
Fixed some areas in the Relay where players could escape in the Navigation room.
Fixed extensive audio when using Frosts' Augment Mods.
Fixed issue preventing players from being able to complete their scans for Maroo.
Fixed various gameplay crashes.

## Hotfix 16.1.4
**Date:** 2015-03-27T20:56:11Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Conclave Changes
Dual Sword melee combos have now been enabled in Conclave (ie
Dex Dakra)
Fixes
Fixed issues with matchmaking if players had UPnP and NAT-PMP explicitly disabled.
Fixed issue that would incorrectly show that NAT-PMP had been detected.
Fixed animation timing for Excalibur's Radial Javelin when used with cast speed Mods.
Fixed Darvo's Market display not properly updating when transitioning between deals.

## Hotfix 16.1.3
**Date:** 2015-03-26T22:31:46Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Conclave Changes
Cephalon Capture now has a round length of 15 minutes. Once the timer expires a team will win / lose depending on how many captures have been completed.
A mission timer has been added to the HUD.
All Warframes now have a base max energy of 100.
Removed 'Matchmaking Mode' drop down from Conclave. All matches played are 'public' for now.
Lowered breakable vent health in Conclave.
Dex Dakra and Dex Furis have been enabled in Conclave.
Increased the damage radius of Rhino's Stomp in Conclave.
Increased the range of Excalibur's Radial Javelin in Conclave.
Slowed the activation / casting animations of Excalibur's Radial Javelin in Conclave.
Players will now receive a notification of what team they're joining when entering a match mid-session.
Changes
Made 'Unidentified Items' in Spy 2.0 read more like drops, to make it clear that you've picked up an item from the Mission and not a bug.
Proc resistance will now trigger for all proc types simultaneously. This means an enemy with 50% resistance in two damage types will have a 50% chance to resist both, instead of a 50% chance to resist each one individually.
Added audio cue to Frost's Ice Wave Impedance Mod effect.
Volt's Shock will now apply his energy color to the electrocuted proc that targets receive.
Altered some text instances of 'Transmutations Cores' to 'Transmute'.
Corpus Nullifiers are now only immune to ability damage, instead of all radial damage.
Effects on Mag's Bullet Attractor now match her energy color.
Fixes
Fixed players being unable to access the Zanuka recovery Mission from their Liset.
Fixed broken Harkonar physics on Volt.
Fixed the quest, The New Strange start and completion diorama automatically closing after a few seconds if the player is in a squad.
Fixed weapon skins and weapon cosmetics from being purchasable multiple times.
Fixed an issue in the Trials of Vay Hek that cause the consoles in Phase 2 to become unhackable.
Fixed an error in Cephalon Capture showing Sun / Moon Cephalon as Sun / Moon Flag.
Fixed Skana not sitting properly in the player's fist.
Fixed Grineer Capture targets showing as Corpus capture targets.
Fixed Kubrow not appearing correctly when in the Liset Arsenal loadout.
Fixed Arcane enhancements showing visible in the Foundry when players are unable to craft one.
Fixed an issue that would occur when receiving the Sentinel Experience login reward if the player did not have a Sentinel.
Fixed Ordis audio not matching his subtitles.
Fixed possible issue with players being unable to abort a Conclave session.
Fixed players closing the End of Mission screen and being forced to leave a Conclave session.
Fixed some inconsistencies with Augment descriptions.
Fixed Glaive not showing in up Melee 2.0 Codex.
Fixed channeling not projecting correctly on the Edo Prime chest attachment as per
Fixed typo that would appear when selecting an Arcane.
Fixed detonation projectiles not dealing damage for Clients.
Fixed Clients not seeing properly colored weapon trails from their weapons.
Fixed Mag's Shield Transference Mod not applying the players energy color to the ability.
Fixed some instances of the Liset showing washed out textures.
Fixed an issue where reviving would cause Helios to scan targets with complete Codex entries as per:
Fixed some instances of black textures appearing on Frost's Snow Globe.
Fixed the Mod description of the Entropy Spike Mod to clarify its intended purpose.
Fixed the timing on Nekros' Terrify casting animation visual effects.
Fixed Chroma's Effigy being hostile to players if spawned while Chroma is under the effects of the Radiation proc.
Fixed players being unable to accept The New Strange Quest with a controller.

## Hotfix 16.1.2 + Anniversary Gifts
**Date:** 2015-03-25T18:13:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Second Anniversary Gifts are in! Thank you for your patience as we distribute the goods, and thank you all for your support these past two years.
Available on Login:
- Dex Dakra
- Dex Furis
Available in Market:
- Excalibur Proto Armor Skin
- Proto Glaive Skin
PvP Changes
Excalibur's Radial Javelin will now double check that enemies are within range before launching.
Quick Melee will no longer do full damage on last hit in PvP, slightly reducing the amount of damage dual weapons deal.
Changes
Updated Breeding Grounds trophies to use PBR.
Fixes
Fixed issue that would occur when Grineer Rollers would enter Limbo's Cataclysm.
Fixed insignias showing on invisible targets in PvP.
Fixed tint coloring on Dojo trophies from the Mutalist Incursion event.
Fixed appearing in the in-game invitation popup instead of .
Fixed error that would occur when trying to change Clan tier.
Fixed crash that would occur when NPCs tried using abilities when ragdolled out of bounds.
Fixed Warframe level up notifications appearing partially offscreen in some resolutions.

## Hotfix 16.1.1
**Date:** 2015-03-24T23:35:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
PvP Changes
Ability projectiles in PvP soft lock such as Frost's Freeze now have a slightly improved lock-on.
Improved velocity and lockon strength of Frost's Icicle in PvP.
Slightly increased the damage of the AKMagnus in PvP.
Slightly decreased the damage of the MK1 Braton in PvP.
Changes
Liset transmissions relating to The New Strange quest will no longer continue to play while players are crafting parts.
Players can no longer purchase multiple copies of item skins from the Market.
Reduced the minimum distance to use the 'collector' by 50 meters
Fixes
Fixed crash that could occur when accessing Darvo's Market in the Relay.
Fixed Arcane enhancements being set to base rank on Clients.
Fixed Zephyr's Tornado causing FPS issues on lower-end PCs.
Fixed an issue caused by uninstalling a Mod when performing a Mod fusion.
Fixed Orokin enemies not properly getting cut into pieces, instead forming multiple bodies.
Fixed an issue causing default helmets not loading in PvP.
Fixed Odonata Prime parts not being tradable.
Fixed Frost's Icicle not following proper flight paths in PvP.
Fixed further textures to be color blind friendly in PvP and the Trial of Vay Hek.
Fixed Loki default helmet appearing as Prime version in Void.

## Update 16.1: Volt Prime
**Date:** 2015-03-24T18:01:52Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Volt Prime and the newest Prime Gear is here!
A shocking agent of death, Volt Prime speeds into Prime Access.
Get Volt Prime Access now and make the newest Primes yours
instantly
including Volt Prime, Odonata Prime, Edo Prime Armor and the Kazeru Prime Sugatra. Plus, stock up on discounted Platinum and get Exclusive Gear available only through Prime Access!
Packages include:
Harness electricity and bring high damage with Volt Prime, the newest addition to the ranks of elite Prime Warframes.
Take flight with Odonata Prime.
Modify your Warframe with the Edo Prime Armor and Kazeru Prime Sugatra. Add Exclusive Volt Prime Avatars to your online presence! Speed up your in-game progress with 90-Day Affinity and Credit Boosters.
Give your Platinum supply a boost at a great price.

You can begin to hunt for Volt Prime parts using our drop tables for guidance: 
PvP Changes
Reduced Bo Prime's damage to be closer to the other Bo weapons.
Volt's Overload is now more noticeable in PvP, particularly for players using black energy.
Changes
Increased the Standing cap for Simaris to be the same as other Syndicates.
Rewards for Synthesis scanning now count towards your daily Standing limit.
Added colorblind pipe variants for the Trials of Vay Hek.
Fixes
Fixed Sigils overlapping on shoulder attachments.
Fixed players earning experience from Simulacrum kills.
Fixed players earning ability experience from Simulacrum kills.
Fixed login errors occurring in new player accounts.
Fixed players without a Synthesis Scanner equipped receiving mid-Mission notification of a rare capture target.
Fixed Chroma's Vex Armor increasing for shield / health decreases caused by Elemental Ward ending as per:
Fixed Synthesis scans not displaying how much standing has been earned.
Fixed Ripkas not taking the proper color customizations from players.
Fixed rare Synthesis targets spawning in Trials of Vay Hek.
Fixed Mk1 Bo not being usable in PvP.
Fixed Chroma's pelt not functioning properly for Clients.
Fixed inconsistent headshot multipliers in PvP, all weapons now have 2x crit multiplier on headshots.
Fixed Chroma's Effigy giving players a stacking credit boost. One Effigy per Chroma.
Fixed an issue with Ash's Bladestorm when one of his targets becomes Mind Controlled mid-Bladestorm as per:
Fixed Frost's Icicle and Ember's Fireball auto-targeting the enemy's torso when aiming manually at a target.
Fixed some instances of crashes related to players using AMD drivers.
Fixed melee attacks not properly aligning to camera for Clients entering a Mission.

## Hotfix 16.0.4
**Date:** 2015-03-23T22:18:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
PvP Balance Changes
The recent soft launch of Cephalon Capture has allowed us to make changes for the better from your feedback and concerns. It was clear that certain weapons/abilities/maneuvers/etc were not balanced properly for this new game mode, and we thank you for constructively helping us continue to harmonize Cephalon Capture. The following changes have been made to help create and maintain that equilibrium:
Slide attacks in PvP will now only use the base damage of the melee weapon wielded. Previously, slide attacks used a damage multiplier; this was shifting the balance in a negative direction.
Rhino's Iron Skin is no longer a permanent buff, and will begin to slowly decay after a short period of time.
Made adjustments to Rhino's Charge damage in PvP.
Arcane Helmets have been removed from PvP.
Mods that increase maximum clip size may now be used in PvP.
Increased DPS for all Primary and Secondary weapons in PvP.
Increased the damage of Frost's Freeze ability in PvP.
Increased the range of Mag's Pull ability in PvP.
Increased the amount of overshield from Mag's Shield Polarize ability in PvP.
Reduced the damage of Volt's Shock ability in PvP.
Reduced the damage of all Paris bows in PvP.
PvP Changes
Updated water effects in Orokin Cephalon Capture level.
Respawning Cephalons now play a sound on respawn.
The Gear wheel has been removed from the Conclave Arsenal menu.
Changes
Building Arcane Enhancements now costs 200k credits.
Gave Rhino's Stomp a slight audio boost.
Removed dead animation time at the end of Excalibur's Radial Javelin and radial Blind casting animations.
Tweaked various defenses in Corpus Spy vaults.
Tweaked various defenses in Grineer Spy vaults.
Ambulas has been removed from the Sanctuary Simulacrum.
Multiple items can now be purchased at once from the Syndicate Market UI.
Increased timers in Grineer Spy vaults.
Made various environmental PBR updates to the Orokin Void and Tenno Dojo.
Increased the brightness of flames produced by the Ignis.
Improved the smokey particle effects on the Embolist's weapon fire.
Players without a Synthesis Scanner equipped during a scan will no longer receive Synthesis progress.
Energy orbs worth 50 energy are now larger than orbs worth 25 energy.
Made various localization updates.
Added casting trails on Nekros' abilities.
Fixes
Fixed Warframes not holding a weapon in the Melee training portion of the Codex
Fixed issue causing players to respawn players with 100% health after Host migration in PvP
Fixed the Grineer Manic's animations not properly deactivating Warframe powers, giving him unintended power immunity pre-attack. Tackles from the Grineer Manic will now properly disable Warframe powers as intended.
Fixed Chroma's Spectral Scream being affected by rift status.
Fixed Chroma's Elemental Ward fire AoE being affected by rift status.
Fixed lighting effects on glowing MOA spawners in Corpus Spy vaults.
Fixed issue in Spy missions where failing the main console hack would cause the 'data destruction' timer to stop and be unusable for the remainder of the Mission.
Fixed players being unable to parry the Grineer Heavy Gunner's melee slam.
Fixed being able to use 8-player squads in other non-Trial Missions.
Fixed players being able to bypass Conclave loadouts by joining Cephalon Capture via invite or entering a match via the Join in Progress button.
Fixed a light not properly casting shadows in the Grineer Spy vault.
Fixed Chroma's Noble animations displaying a strange hand positioning.
Fixed Bo Prime not being usable in PvP.
Fixed Sanctuary's Mastery Test practice simulations giving Credit rewards.
Fixed login error caused by conflicting update versions tagged on an account.
Fixed Chroma's elemental Ward not properly removing 'old' buff when 2+ Chroma activate the ability.
Fixed an issue where players who once equipped mustaches will still have mustaches equipped when changing weapon skins within the Liset.
Fixed certain texture in CTF Gas City Map that was causing interaction issues.
Fixed accounts that had lost their loadout information upon logging in.
Fixed loadout error that could occur in PvP Arsenal.
Fixed item drops appearing from enemies in Sanctuary Simulacrum.

## Hotfix 16.0.3
**Date:** 2015-03-23T15:43:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes
Doubled Dark Sector credit rewards again (a bug was doubling these rewards previously and fixing the bug resulted in an unintended nerf. For clarity, Void credits were never touched.).
The cooldown delay for Raid Rewards was reduced to 23 hours to make it slightly easier to coordinate daily runs with friends.
Increased Vauban's Bounce Pad duration to 5 minutes (from 15 seconds).
Trinity's Well of Life will no longer waste energy on invulnerable targets.
Vay Hek is no longer vulnerable to Trinity's Energy Vampire (like other bosses).
Removed Orokin Catalyst/Reactor and Forma from Cephalon Capture reward manifest.
Fixes
Fixed Trinity's Well of Life inadvertently causing damage to certain enemies.
Fixed Trinity's Well of Life and other powers for clients targeting invulnerable enemies after Mag's Bullet Attractor had expired.
Fixed bug that would cause some PvP sessions to be marked private.
Fixed loot lockers and crates dropping 25 energy pickups instead of 50.
Fixed various gameplay crashes.

## Hotfix 16.0.2
**Date:** 2015-03-20T23:22:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Psa: Excalibur Radial Javelin:
We understand there is some confusion regarding Radial Javelin's recent adjustment. Our original version of the power had built in Line of Sight, and was never intended to push through terrain. As such, Radial Javelin as it currently stands is functioning as it was always intended to. We apologize for the confusion this has caused and will do better to communicate these refinements in the future.
Please see here for revised PSA:
- Reduced the HP of Rhino's Ironskin in PvP.
- Reduced the damage of Paris Prime in PvP.
- Made various lighting lighting improvements to Cephalon Capture's Orokin tileset.
- Improved textures of Cephalon Capture objectives.
- Teshin will now speak a little more quickly in Cephalon Capture.
- Chroma's alt helmet will no longer appear in player inventories after completing The New Strange Quest.
- Removed exits from Vay Hek boss fight in Law of Retribution.
- Improved audio quality on Grineer hacking minigame.
- Made various audio adjustments to silenced weapons.
- Reduced Ordis' conversational tendencies when in the Liset.
- Updated Mod and Market icons for Transmutation Cores.
- Updated various materials to PBR quality.
- Rescue Missions will now provide more experience at higher levels.
- Reduced the level of ambient noise in Relays.
- The Manic Grineer will now disappear after killing a player in Solo mode.
- The Manic Grineer is no longer affected by Bladestorm.

### Fixes
- Optimized matchmaking server code to handle load better (may fix some invitation failures).
- Reduced memory footprint in the Relays to avoid some crashes on 32-bit systems.
- Fixed issue where players could enter Conclave with no valid PvP gear during a Host migration, causing a crash.
- Fixed default PvP loadout containing non-PvP items.
- Fixed Chroma's Spectral Scream not equipping a weapon once deactivated if the ability was used while holding a scanner.
- Fixed some instances where players could move out of bounds on Relays.
- Fixed auto-target abilities accidentally targeting player Sentinels.
- Fixed Limbo being able to trigger pressure plates while in the Rift.
- Fixed various exploits in the Law of Retribution encounters.
- Fixed rain particles looking pixelated.
- Fixed Arcane Enhancements appearing with Prime part in the Inventory.
- Fixed error that would occur when trying to equip a scanner while unarmed.
- Fixed 'Logout' button not bringing players back to Login screen.
- Fixed material on Steel Meridian Medallions not displaying correctly.
- Fixed various texture issues in Relays.
- Fixed additional ammo clips showing on Soma and Soma Prime.
- Fixed issue causing the Manic Grineer to become stuck on objects.
- Fixed mind controlled targets not becoming immune to Mind Control when granted immunity to powers and abilities.
- Fixed an ugly white line showing up on the floor of Grineer tilesets.
- Fixed Ogris charging effects and firing animation not displaying properly.
- Fixed players not being able to unequip Sentinels after removing primary and secondary weapons.
- Fixed Ordis' 'idle' Liset transmissions interrupting other communications.
- Fixed Sentinel NPCs, voice acting, or animations showing for Clients in the first mission of The New Strange Quest.
- Fixed Chroma's Elemental Ward buff showing as 1% off in the HUD in some instances.
- Fixed melee finishers adjusting the player camera in an unusual way.
- Fixed visual issue with Gammacor where weapon would open while holstered after melee or a quick roll.
- Fixed Huras Kubrow's Stalk not properly applying to Players.
- Fixed Vay Hek still broadcasting his threats to Relays.
- Fixed Codex and Library scanners still showing as being equipped during a Host migration.
- Fixed both Ordis and Teshin transmission not matching corresponding subtitles.
- Fixed pistol and melee slots not being auto-equipped for default PvP loadouts.
- Fixed an error that would occur with Grineer Shipyards cranes.
Small patch just went out this morning with exactly one change: fix for contact list and invites with certain types of router.

## Hotfix 16.0.1
**Date:** 2015-03-20T16:33:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Improved the music cue in PvP.
Added sound effect to procs trigged from Arcane enhancements.
Squads starting a PvP Mission without the appropriate Conclave loadout will now be taken to the Arsenal to equip the correct gear.

### Fixes
Fixed crash that could occur during Vay Hek and Vor boss fights.
Fixed login failure if your account has old pending recipes that contained weapon skins.
Fixed players losing Kubrow customization on account update.
Fixed players losing Kubrow shape/pattern info on update.
Fixed showing up in foundry for Trial blueprint.
Fixed Excalibur skins showing up as fusible items in Arcane Foundry.
Fixed Ash's Teleport targeting player sentinels.
Fixed issue caused by Simaris' community scanning.
Fixed text on "Sure Footed" and "Fortitude" mods.
Fixed Halo Badge not being handed out when completing the Trials of Vay Hek.
Fixed Loki's Invisibility creating particle effects for every equipped attachment.
Fixed other knocked-down enemies using the Manic Grineer's knockdown recovery animation.
Fixed weapon skins not properly applying to the Soma.
Fixed idle animations not properly playing when players are inactive.

## Warframe: Sanctuary
**Date:** 2015-03-20T02:21:54Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Added Boss Sigils for Nef Anyo, Jackal, Vay Hek and Tyl Regor.
Banshee and Vauban Noggles have been added to the Market!
Tigrol Gene Masking Kit for Kubrow has been added to the Market!
Players can now select between Cooperative, Archwing, and Conclave loadouts independently. Conclave loadouts will not be selectable in Cooperative and vice versa.
Players can now see a Warframe's Power Strength, Range, Duration and Efficiency stats in the Arsenal.
A new Sigil has been added to the inventory of our current Blade and Gun Champions. Congrats, and good luck to future participants!
Players will now see a spinner under Join Session to help better display loading times.
A 'Missions' section has been added to the Codex, describing Warframe's various game modes.
Energy, Health and Affinity orbs now have received a visual update. Same colored orb, new stylish look!
Treasury Ship Alerts will now appear on the Star Chart! These Missions offer greater Credit rewards at a higher level of difficulty than normal Missions. 
New Ordis transmissions have been added to the Liset!
Further improvements have been made to Reverb effects in Missions.
Melee impact audio on all weapons have been adjusted -
hitting enemies and being hit should sound much more pronounced!
Added new sound effects for bullet impacts
Revised Warframe footsteps audio on all surfaces for walking, running and sliding.
New refined damage/affinity numbers.
Added audio details to Arsenal -
weapons should now display their loudness to help better distinguish between Silent or Alarming weapons fire.

### Changes
Improved Volt's Overload FX to more accurately show the range of the attack.
Improved the quality of Volt's shock FX.
Excalibur has been given a visual update via PBR!
Mag`s Crush now ticks three times during its casting animation. New enemies that enter within the range will be caught within Crush during each tick.
Enemies that survive Mag`s Crush will be ragdolled at the end of the animation.
Warframe's will now show a special visual effect when reaching 0 Stamina, similar to Shields.
The following Augment Mods can be used in PvP
Frost
Ice Wave Impedance
Rhino
Iron Shrapnel
Chroma
Afterburn.
The Excavation scanner has been removed from the Mission instead giving 3 dig sites at once.
Dig sites will appear in an order that gives players a reasonable tour through the map starting at the closest dig site.
Added a small ramp-up to the spawns so that players don't get jumped right away when entering the Mission.
Life Support Modules now have a chance to spawn from lockers and breakable containers in Survival.
Made a small boost to Life Support Module drop rate in Survival when playing in Solo.
After completing a Mission a 'Repeat Mission' button will be available on the Last Mission Results screen. This will take you directly to the Star Chart node selection.
Synoid Gammacor now consumes 7.5x more ammunition.
Synoid Gammacor magazine capacity has been reduced.
Cold Damage Mods drain increased to 11 to be on par with other elemental damage mods
Rebalanced values for Survival enemy spawn loop and drop chance.
Adjusted traps, camera drone patrols, and enemy patrols of various Vaults in Spy Missions.
Adjusted lighting in Corpus Spy Vaults to remove shadows from laser grids.
Various weapons have been given the PBR treatment! 
The Viper, Dual Vipers and Wraith Twin Vipers have been given a visual and audio overhaul!
Made a wide range of audio adjustments to improve the sound quality of most sidearms.
Slightly reduced Soma Prime audio.
Several tweaks were made to spawn rooms and tileset connectors in Void Derelict missions.
Made several adjustments to room generation on the Infested Corpus Survival tileset.
Made several adjustments to room generation on Corpus Gas City Survival tileset.
8 Syndicate Medallions are now guaranteed to appear in any Syndicate Mission.
Login rewards now have 'Blueprint' descriptor where applicable.
Made tweaks to Boss health to better reflect the balance of Host and Clients on Mission start.
Syndicates no longer require multiple sacrifices if players drop from a higher tier to a lower one. Players will only need to make one sacrifice ever when moving between tiers.

### Fixes
Work with Cephalon Simaris to find the source of a mysterious voice. Something is out there, and it is hunting. Work with Simaris to track it down and discover its true nature.
In order to obtain this new Quest, players above Mastery Rank 5 must first visit Cephalon Simaris in his Sanctuary after completing the Stolen Dreams Quest. From there players can acquire The New Strange and accept it from the Codex once they return to the Liset.
A master of the deadly elements, Chroma can alter his damage output by changing his energy coloring.
Chroma's powers include:
Tenno are out for vengeance, and Grineer Councilor Vay Hek has nowhere left to hide. Hot on his trail after the assault on Relays during Eyes of Blight, the Lotus will guide a precision strike force to hunt down and put an end to Vay Hek once and for all. Be wary Tenno. Numbers alone will not protect you when diving into the heart of Grineer military power.
Create a squad of 4 to 8 Tenno and work through three challenge scenarios as you track down Vay Hek across the Solar System.
Earn Arcane enhancements from defeating Vay Hek, each of which provide a unique bonus Warframes can unleash during combat.In order to equip an Arcane enhancement players must construct it in their Foundry under the Miscellaneous tab.
Players will then need to select what Helmet or Syandana they would like the Arcane to be attached to.
After construction the Arcane Helmet or Arcane Syandana will appear in their Arsenal under Attachments.
The Law of Retribution Key Blueprint is available for purchase in the marketplace for 100,000 Credits.
This Mission can be completed with a minimum of 4 Tenno for an additional challenge. Enemies will not scale down in difficulty with fewer players present in the Mission.
Cephalon Capture is our latest PvP game mode available on the Conclave Console in the Liset, and with its arrival come a slew of new changes to our existing PvP system. The following are a list of general changes to PvP immediately available in Update: Sanctuary:
Players will only be allowed to select Warframes from an existing list of warframes balanced exclusively for PvP 2.0. This list will be expanded upon in future Updates and currently includes:Mag
Chroma
Excalibur
Frost
Rhino
Volt
Players will be limited to Weapons and Mods that have balanced exclusively for PvP. This list will be expanding upon in future Updates.
Players can access their unique Conclave loadouts from the Arsenal by selecting 'Select Mode', followed by 'Conclave'.
Cephalon Capture has three maps on launch that will rotate between rounds!
Cephalon Capture now features Challenges that can be unlocked while fighting against your fellow Tenno.
With our expansion to PvP 2.0 comes a new figure to guide Tenno through the Conclave's trials and toward the path of enlightenment. Teshin, a survivor of the Orokin Era, disagrees with the Lotus' policies and strives to see Tenno break free of that which restrains their potential.
Teshin and the Conclave Syndicate have established their presence in the Northern Wing of any Relay, and offer unique Syndicate rewards for Tenno who represent Teshin when participating in Conclave PvP.
In the cradle of space on Tenno Relays across the Solar System Cephalon Simaris has constructed a Sanctuary with the goal of eternally preserving all life. But Simaris needs your help, Tenno. Using Simaris' advanced Synthesis Scanner you must track down unique targets to scan in a Codex shared by Tenno all over the world, and help unlock exciting new lore and Syndicate rewards.
Simaris is a Neutral Syndicate and can be joined by any Tenno regardless of current Syndicate allegiance.
Synthesis Scanners can be equipped like regular Gear, and are used in the same fashion a Codex scanner is.
Running a Mission that features a targeted enemy will prompt a notification from Simaris, making it a little easier to hunt targets.
Enemies scanned will be tracked by Simaris unlock a global Codex of lore, in addition to providing affinity toward Simaris' unique Syndicate rewards.
While playing in Missions Rare Spawn enemies with unique abilities may appear. These enemies will be more difficult to scan, and Synthesis can have dangerous side-effects on targets scanned.
Scanning targets will earn affinity with Simaris, and earning affinity with Simaris will not decrease Standing earned with other Syndicates.
New Ability Augment Mods
New Conclave Mods
New Cephalon Simaris Mods
The following Mods can be purchased through Cephalon Simaris in the Relay Sanctuary with Standing.
Kohmak
Like the larger Kohm, this hand-shotgun doubles its volley with every successive shot.
Ripkas
Motorized saw fists usable in close combat

Four Riders
A claw Stance capable of fast strikes and powerful slams.
Fixed collision in Corpus Spy vaults to prevent players circumventing trap doors in the floor.
Fixed an issue where if Helios restarts his scan, players would lose all Codex information gained in the Mission so far.
Fixed an impassible doorway on the Grineer Asteroid Tileset that would appear in Spy Missions.
Fixed stealth weapon XP multipliers increasing the stealth combo xp multipler as per:
Fixed an issue where picking up Life Support Modules in Survival at 0% caused the bar to freeze.
Fixed Syndicate allies using throwing weapons not having holsters for their weapons.
Fixed player`s Warframe Mission Summary not appearing correctly after aborting a Mission, instead showing a missing experience bar.
Fixed some instances of inappropriate collision at the End of Mission screen.
Fixed an issue causing some space skybox to show a visible cube shape in the distance.
Fixed Loki`s Decoy showing broken decorations or special effects.
Fixed various issues with navigation markers in Grineer Spy Missions.
Fixed incorrect audio cue that could occur when picking up items in a Mission.
Fixed force fields in Grineer Spy vaults not appearing for Clients.
Fixed missing reverb effects in the Orokin large fountain room in Void tilesets.
Fixed Loki`s switch teleport being able to get him stuck into the wall.
Fixed a dead Rescue target`s health appearing in the HUD.
Fixed the weapon trail placement on the Lecta.
Fixed a portion of the ceiling on Void Derelict maps that players could clip through.
Fixed an issue caused by being able to access the Pause Menu from within the Mods Loadout screen.
Fixed inappropriate sound replication occurring when Nekros` Soul Punch hits an enemy.
Fixed an issue that would occur when uninstalling a Mod that would exceed energy capacity while fusing.
Fixed an issue where a constant stream of bullets would not knock players out of parrying as stamina is reduced to zero.
Fixed issue causing players Warframe / Appearance in Arsenal showing as 'No Helmet Selected' under all categories.
Fixed the Relay minimap missing portions of the Relay.
Fixed issue caused by Zanuka being launched out of the Alad V fight arena, making it impossible to finish the boss fight.
Fixed an error that would occur when using Mesa's Shatter Shield to deflect Panthera blades.
Fixed Spy Rewards displaying more information than just an unidentified item.
Fixed the energy color of Helios not applying to his center 'eye' until you back out of Appearance in the Arsenal.
Fixed Clients getting stuck in voting stage of Mission Select if Host leaves during pre-mission countdown.
Fixed Host's Mission select / countdown being cancelled when a Client leaves the squad.
Fixed incorrect lighting on Grineer shipyards causing some areas of the floor to appear pitch black while others are fully lit.
Fixed the objective marker not leading to extraction in Rescue Missions after freeing the captive.
Fixed Mesa's Peacemaker not playing its firing sounds correctly.
Fixed enemies not becoming released from Vauban's Bastille when a Nullifier bubble passes over them.
Fixed various exploits that could be used on the obstacle course. 
Fixed opening the menu while using Hydroid's Undertow causing the menu to appear in the wrong location.
Fixed four squares appearing in place of allies on the Cephalon Suda Genius Syndicate daily Mission.
Fixed Corpus Nullifiers being affected by Limbo's Cataclysm.
Fixed enemies still firing their weapons while ragdolled.
Fixed an issue in Hijack where the objective will travel backwards if it encounters a door faster than the door can open.
Fixed the Carrier Sentinel dragging items that have not (or cannot) be claimed, following the player forever.
Fixed Wyrmius respawning behind a wall if the player died behind a wall.
Fixed the Dragon Nikana's Hilt appearing as orange even with no color selected.
Fixed issue causing players getting spammed with 'Player has received your invitation' messages after sending an invite.
Fixed Red Veil allies in Syndicate Missions using the incorrect skin on their Ballistica. 
Fixed grey lines that appear on various Immortal Skins.
Fixed players being unable to see proper values of items being traded in Trade UI.
Fixed players being unable to spend Platinum to buy weapon slots from the Foundry after being prompted with a message to do so.
Fixed users being unable to compare Archwing stats in the Arsenal.
Fixed players not receiving their reward for completing the Once Awake quest.
Fixed Grineer Spy Vault alarms triggering after the Vault has been completed or failed.
Fixed Sancti Castanas looking blurry.
Fixed enemy Eximus Toxic auras proccing on players when the enemy is under the effect of mind control as per:
Fixed an issue where selecting Enter Clan Dojo from the Star Chart would not bring you to the Dojo.
Fixed the Panthera's alt fire being able to damage squad mates.
Fixed a broken selection under Audio in the Options menu.
Fixed the Kubrow Howl ability affecting targets that should be immune due to existing effects like Chaos or Disarm.
Fixed Gear equipped in Arsenal not properly saving to the 'Gear Wheel', making it impossible to use any items.
Fixed an issue caused by closing a queued Inbox Transmission that would cycle the Transmission into an infinite loop.
Fixed an issue where players could open multiple Sell windows at the Ducat Kiosk in Relays.
Fixed the Attachments options in the Arsenal / Appearance overlapping the Physique menu.
Fixed grammatical error in the Gemini Nikana's Market description.
Fixed melee auto targeting overestimating range as per:
Fixed Missions not being properly translated on Nodes featuring multiple Missions.
Fixed an issue that would occur when trying to accept a Clan invite without having built a Clan key.
Fixed the chat bar overlapping the Purchase button on the Syndicate Offerings page for Sigils.
Fixed the dialogue between Lotus and Maroo at the final mission of Stolen Dreams being out of order.
Fixed certain loot caches always showing up (no matter what) on Corpus ship tilesets.
Fixed an issue that would occur when players are taxi'd to a node they had not yet unlocked, causing the Star Chart to lock requiring a forced restart to escape.
Fixed Bastille not working on neutral enemies such as the Kubrow or Sand Skate.
Fixed VO not triggering when in the Relay.
Fixed clients receiving a 'Button Label' text when joining a Defense Mission at the exact moment the Host completes the 5th wave.
Fixed Host getting stuck on a loading screen when returning to Liset from a Mission.
Fixed terrain that was causing spawn problems on the Corpus Outpost tileset
Fixed a Corpus flare that would not disappear when created.
Fixed Ash's Smoke Shadow Augment Mod not functioning properly.
Fixed Vauban's Vortex not properly gathering nearby items.
Fixed issue with Helios caused by viewing another player's profile then entering a Mission, causing Helios to count scans from other player's completed Codex.
Fixed crash that would occur when launching Warframe.
Fixed various localization issues.
Special thanks to the Tenno who aided us in a small experiment with Update 16. After a couple years of talk, we finally were able to set up a Test cluster which could be accessed externally. This Test cluster housed the many iterations of Update 16 content.
For 1 week straight leading up to this update, a group of just under 20 veteran Tenno spent hours and hours each day playing together, giving feedback, finding bugs, and voicing concerns. Each day included tireless attempts at the incredibly difficult Raids, hilarious moments competing in PvP, and general exploration of all things new. This past week has been one for the memory books
about 60+ hours together with veteran Tenno who applied their skill to some of our hardest and most surprising content yet. I loved every minute of it, and I can't wait to see what we can do for quality with the potential that this Test cluster has opened!
Rebecca

## Hotfix 15.16.2
**Date:** 2015-03-11T22:21:44Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 15.16.2:
AFK players will no longer receive any increase to their Warframe's energy supply.
Certain mission types will no longer endlessly spawn enemies if the mission goals themselves aren't being met.
Syndicate Interception Missions are now 2 rounds instead of 4.
The Rift Sigil will now fully lit up in Liset/Hub, as there is no energy
Tenno can now buy Forma directly from upgrade screen
Added various localization updates.
Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm 'Pilfering Swarm' Augment no longer applies to bosses.

### Fixes
Fixes for a few gameplay crashes.
Fixed incorrect Market description of Neural Sensors and Neurodes.
Fixed issue in Archwing Missions that would cause players to crash mid-Mission.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.
Please note we've amended our original PSA to account for this Hotfix:
fixed energy pickups bestowing random amounts of energy in Archwing missions.

## Hotfix 15.16.1
**Date:** 2015-02-26T22:00:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed Ciphers on Grineer Hack Puzzles not showing up when players have HUD disabled.
Fixed enemies in the Phoenix Intercept Tactical Alert's bonus round improperly increasing in level.
Fixed Phoenix Intercept's Tactical Alert displaying the incorrect number of Interception rounds.
Fixed enemies disarmed by Radial Disarm not engaging the player in melee or behaving with appropriate aggression levels after disarmed.
Fixed missing explosion effect from Ogris.
Fixed issues with Portuguese Mod descriptions. 
Fixed broken Lotus transmission subtitle that would occur in Crossfire missions.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.16 + Tactical Alert!
**Date:** 2015-02-25T22:12:36Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Eyes of Blight Dojo Trophies have arrived and have been given to all Clans who participated in the event!

### Changes
Update 15.16 + Tactical Alert!:
Gemini Nikana Sheath available now!
The energy flowing within this sheath changes to match the blade within it. The Nikana will cause the energy to flow like the current of a river, while the Dragon Nikana causes the sheath to rage with molten fury.
Tenno,
We have received reports of a factory that is developing artificial genomes for Tyl Regor. These genomes can restore broken links in the Grineer DNA sequence, producing many stronger clones. You must stop this from happening! Assault the forces at Tyl Regor's factory and intercept any intel that can tell us more about his experiments.
Shut down the factory, Tenno!
New Augments have been added for the following Warframes, and can be purchased from the appropriate Syndicates:
Increased the Base Damage on Aklato from 12 to 18.
Increased ammo capacity for Sicarus Prime to be a proper multiple of 3 (from 20 to 21).
Increased charged bolt damage of Rakta Ballistica from 100 to 300.
Increased uncharged bolt damage of Rakta Ballistica from 25 to 75 per bolt.
Rakta Ballistica is now a fully Silent weapon.
Lowered hacking difficulty on Void Sabotage Missions.
Visual improvements have been made to the Yamako Syandana.
Warframe can once again be launched by using a gamepad or controller.
Crossfire Missions now have unique Lotus Transmissions.
Various changes and additions have been made to Corpus and Grineer spy vaults. Better keep an eye out when exploring Spy Mission maps!
Orokin Ducat has been renamed to Ducat.

### Fixes
Fixed issues that would occur with AMD cards during Archwing Missions.
Fixed intense lens flare effects.
Fixed menus not displaying after completing a Mission where pigments have dropped.
Fixed long delay that would occur before a 'Join Session' option would open up after opening a Friend or Clan member's details.
Fixed issue where Stolen Dreams would become permanently stuck in the Quest log.
Fixed error caused when a Quest item in the player inventory has not been used, but is registered as being used by the active Quest.
Fixed login reward Blueprints not being properly labeled as Blueprints.
Fixed melee finishers placing players underneath stairs at the end of the animation.
Fixed melee finishers not registering on targets when the player is standing below the target on a staircase.
Fixed physics related crash that would occur.
Fixed a rare crash that would occur when loading into an Event Mission.
Fixed the bent visual on the Harkonar Syandana.
Fixed hip and syandana collision on Mesa.
Fixed enemies aiming at Hall of Mirrors aiming behind themselves, instead of at Mirage's image.
Fixed Sentinels not aiming properly at some enemies.
Fixed an issue where extra melee dangles were being added to weapons.
Fixed dynamic music no longer playing after host migrations.
Fixed an issue where a host cannot rejoin a Mission they were disconnected from due to their player information still being registered to the squad.
Fixed clients becoming stuck in the capture animation during Capture Missions.
Fixed players being able to access the ceiling on Void Defense tileset.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.15 + 15.15.01
**Date:** 2015-02-18T20:48:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Tenno Reinforcements:
Tonbo Polearm available now!
Cut enemies down swiftly and precisely with the Tonbo Polearm. During the darkest days of the Old War many Tenno relied solely on the Tonbo to keep them alive.
Basic information about each Mission will appear when highlighting a node that has multiple Missions.
Corpus and Grineer Spy Vaults will now have greater variety in difficulty scaling on higher difficulty.
Added objective marker to door hack panel of in Grineer Spy Missions.
Changed Corpus vs Grineer Spy Missions on Europa to be Corpus only.
Players will now receive a notification when trying to chat in a channel they've been banned or muted in.
Reduced the number of scans required on the Bomb in the Once Awake Quest.
Ratka Ballistica now deals 30 damage per uncharged bolt. The damage type is broken down to 15 Puncture, 7.5 Impact and 7.5 Slash.

### Fixes
Fixed lasers not disabling in Corpus Spy Missions after the lasers have been destroyed. 
Fixed inaccessible Rare Loot Crates and Syndicate Medallions on Grineer Spy Missions.
Fixed force fields in Spy Missions not disappearing when destroyed / deactivated.
Fixed alarms still being triggerable after data has been extracted in Spy Missions.
Fixed Neural Sensors and Neurodes having the wrong descriptions in the Market.
Fixed the Tonbo not appearing in Tenno Research Lab.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.14.1
**Date:** 2015-02-13T17:05:04Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Added more enemies to Crossfire Missions to help increase the carnage.
The Stalker, Gustrag 3 and Zanuka will no longer be summoned in Syndicate Missions.
Life Support drop rates in Survival have been slightly increased at lower difficulties and when solo.
Syndicate Allies will no longer fire at enemies unless the player engages combat or they're attacked.
Syndicate Allies will hold fire while players are doing stealth kills.
Syndicate Allies should less frequently walk in front of the player when firing their weapons.
Kubrow should less frequently walk in front of the player while the player is shooting/attacking.

### Fixes
Valentine's Day is upon us! Whether that makes you feel like declaring your love from the top of a Relay or taking headshots on the Grineer, we've got some love-day items coming your way.
Show the enemy you care with the Eros Arrow Skin. This adds heart-shaped tips to any Bow Weapon you have equipped. Even Cupid will be envious!
Pick up some Eros Skins in the Market for 5,000 Credits each. To use your Eros Arrow Skin simply purchase the item in the Market and equip it in your Gear. Once in a Mission use the Arrow Skin just like a normal consumable item.
Does Valentine's Day have you seeing red? Or, does it make you tickled pink? Wear your heart on your Warframe's sleeve -
and well, all of your Warframe -
with the Valentine Color Picker.
Add a selection of love-ly color choices to your Arsenal! Purchase the Valentine Color Picker in the Market for One Credit.
Fixed game freeze that would occur when accepting a gift in a Relay.
Fixed players receiving inbox messages regarding Vey Hek Frequency Triangulator Blueprints.
Fixed an issue caused by picking up Life Support when your Oxygen remaining was at 0%.
Fixed MK1 Paris being sold in the Market for Platinum.
Fixed players being kicked from Missions they are unqualified to join, instead of just preventing them from joining in the first place.
Fixed an issue caused by purchasing the Soma in the Marketplace.
Fixed various weapon idle animations playing in Hubs, when all weapon animations should be inactive.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.14.0
**Date:** 2015-02-11T22:44:03Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Players will now gain Affinity for enemies killed by nearby NPC Syndicate Allies.
Fixed Hard Survival/Interception Missions (Enemy Level 20+) not having the proper Rewards hooked up. This includes the following missions being fixed to have "Hard" rewards:
Uranus: Ophelia, Cupid, Stephano.
Sedna: Yemaja, Selkie, Berehynia
Europa: Ose, Zagan
Phobos: Flimnap, Opik
Saturn: Cassini
For more information on this fix, and our future adjustments to Keyless Core farming please read our PSA here and stay tuned for more information on Reparations: 
There are now three Missions / Nodes where players can acquire non-endless T4 keys:
Saturn: Iapetus
Mars: Augustus
Jupiter: Callisto
"Stephano,Uranus Caelus,Uranus Cerberus,Pluto Draco,Ceres Berehynia,Sedna and Opik,Phobos all qualify as hard"
Additionally, the following changes have been made to these Missions / Nodes
Level-Appropriate Dark Sector Survival Missions have also had Rare 5 Cores added to Rotation A.
Mars: Wahiba is now a Medium Difficulty Mission (Enemy lv 10-19)
Fixed Europa: Ose not using the Interception Rewards.

### Fixes
Have some empty space to fill on the Liset dashboard? Good news! New Noggles have arrived in the Market!
Add style so good it's practically toxic with the new Saryn Noggle, distract Liset guests from that mess your Kubrow made with the Ash Noggle, or give your Liset that angry Corpus boss vibe with the Alad V Noggle. The best part? You'll never have to dust them!
Pick up these new Noggles in the Market today!
Objective Pods for Defense Missions now have their health set to fixed values based on the enemy level (it used to be randomly with the node's level range on each mission; it is now always the maximum for the range).
Objective Pods for Mobile Defense Missions will now scale with enemy level (no more 2000 Health Pods for TIV MD!)
Shields and Armor for Mobile Defense pods were changed to match regular defense pods so that the EHP is easier to compare.
Fixed Arcane Boiler appearing in lower case in the Stolen Dreams Quest details.
Fixed incorrect energy color on Frost's Freeze effect.
Fixed an issue preventing refunds from older transactions from being properly delivered.
Fixed issue that caused players to have the Stolen Dreams Quest to be stuck as their active Quest.
Fixed a rare crash caused in the Arsenal when switching Loadouts.
Fixed incorrect text spacing and casing in HUD.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.8
**Date:** 2015-02-10T22:07:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Missions with multiple factions will now have their Node labeled as Crossfire -
a new type of mission where Tenno can move amongst factions that are already engaged in combat with one another! The release of Crossfire Missions is a little premature (players began reporting it as a bug in their Syndicate Missions) but now that you've experienced the joy of walking into an active battlefield we can't possibly take it away!
These Crossfire Missions will feature multiple factions, with objectives that are independent from either faction's goals or motivations.
Crossfire Nodes are only available as Exterminate Missions, for now.
Crossfire Syndicate Missions will still have Medallions available for pickup.
Crossfire Missions are Available on Mars
Arval, Silvanus, and Ultor.
Various changes were made to help optimize audio reverb for tilesets and weapons.
Audio reverb applied to Orokin Derelict tilesets.

### Fixes
Fixed issue with lensflare effects being improperly applied to objects (example:
Fixed hosts and clients not getting proper Loot Crate rewards when completing Earth Sabotage Missions.
Fixed errors in displaying Mission Rewards from Loot Crates on the End of Mission screen.
Fixed Archwing's 'item vacuum' effect not working properly.
Fixed an issue causing Syndicate Missions to behave like normal Crossfire Missions, in addition to featuring no Medallions.
Fixed players getting pushed inside of stairs and ramps just after performing parry finishers.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.7
**Date:** 2015-02-09T23:43:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Warframe Changes:
Restored Volt's speed trail visuals.
The following Missions / Rotations have been updated to include a pack of 5 Rare Fusion Cores as a reward:
Hard Survival Missions (Enemy Level 20+), reward available on Rotation A .
Hard Interception Missions (Enemy Level 20+), reward available on Rotation B.
Made changes to Dynamic Lighting that should improve the quality of fog, shadow falloff, lens flair usage, and bloom.
Reverb options have been added to the Audio Options menu.
Made various tweaks to reverb effects on tilesets and against certain objects.
Made various tweaks to reverb effects on weapons.
Made changes to Grineer Spy Vaults that should make gameplay objectives a little more clear.
Updated audio quality on the Grakata.
Updated accuracy on NPCs using beam weapons. Beam-wielding enemies will now sweep their weapon after the player smoothly, with their accuracy reduced by players sprinting, or performing general acrobatics. This should make avoiding enemy beams much more clear, and will also make NPCs firing beam weapons less confusing to fight against.
Items found within Rare Loot Crates will no longer display their contents on discovery. Players will now see exactly what they've received from loot crates on the End of Mission screen once the Mission has been completed.
Void Reward Items have been added back to Sabotage Caches as a result of the above change!
Cleaned up blue corners seen around rewards displayed in Survival.

### Fixes
Fixed Prisma Veritux not being Tradeable.
Fixed ice visual effect that appeared on other various textures.
Fixed Grineer Galleon 'fly in' cinematic playing when players start a Void Defense Mission.
Fixed single-shot weapons not having the appropriate default rate of fire.
Fixed the Objective Rooms in the Spy gametype being subject to enemy alarm lockdowns.
Fixed players falling through the Corpus vents in Spy Mission Objective Rooms.
Fixed End of Mission rewards showing as incorrect for Invasions (particularly Phorid drops giving wrong Warframe parts).
Fixed an issue in chat that would only allow players to talk when holding down the Enter key while typing.
Fixed players being able to wallrun against corners to go through terrain.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.6
**Date:** 2015-02-07T18:12:32Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 15.13.6:
Fixed Survival rewards showing one thing when announced during mission, but awarding something different at end of mission.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."

1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.

Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.5 + Survival Psa
**Date:** 2015-02-07T02:11:30Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 15.13.5 + Survival Psa:
Survival Mission PSA
Tenno,
Through our gameplay this evening as well as reports coming in from players, there appears to be a bug affecting the displayed reward vs. actual received reward in Survival Missions.
We noticed this when the UI said one thing (Forma), then we ended up with something else in the end-of-mission screen (Paris Prime Lower Limb).
We are currently investigating this issue and will have it fixed ASAP!
Thanks for your patience, it's very appreciated. More than you know!
Added teleport triggers on Corpus Ice Planet to help escape certain holes in level.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where moving quickly and vaulting over objects would result in getting stuck in place.
Fixed an issue with Defense missions not showing key type name in the rewards screen.
Fixed female Steel Meridian characters having broken facial textures.
Fixed an issue where viewing profiles could freeze the UI.
Fixed Nova Prime missing Gold tinting on her orbs.
Fixed missing Reverb elements across multiple tilesets.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.4
**Date:** 2015-02-06T19:59:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Updated reverb sounds to Grineer Forest tileset.

### Fixes
Fixed broken facial texture on Steel Meridian's leader in the Relays.
Fixed Maroo having a male Red Veil agent body instead of an intended female one.
Fixed the Prisma Veritux being untradeable.
Fixed an issue that would occur when the player camera was too close to a ceiling.
Fixed progression being halted in Void Sabotage by enemy alarms.
Fixed HUD alignment issue if Exterminate triggers as an alternative objective during a Spy Mission.
Fixed crash caused by trading with Baro Ki'Teer.
Fixed credits picked up during Mission currently displaying incorrectly on the Mission Progress and End of Mission screen.
Fixed the Minimap in the final Mission of Stolen Dreams being misaligned.
Fixed tileset on Corpus Spy Missions occasionally showing Infested decorations.
Fixed Mission objectives not properly updating in Codex for the Stolen Dreams Quest.
Fixed issue occurred by host migration in Archwing Missions.

## Hotfix 15.13.3
**Date:** 2015-02-06T16:44:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Updated the Telos Syandana to accept custom tints.
Updated sound of Warframe footsteps in water.
Adjusted Volt's Shocking Speed Augment visuals to be a little more subtle.
Improved silenced weapons (with use of Mods) audio from -4dB to -6dB.
Players should now be able to clearly see the short pulse of Frost's Snow Globe that indicates its invulnerability period.

### Fixes
Fixed broken lighting in the Grineer tram tunnel on the Asteroid tileset.
Fixed various Warframe color customization issues.
Fixed various objects that players could get stuck on when playing the Corpus Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed the Stolen Dreams Quest being replayable after completion.
Fixed an issue on Grineer Spy Vaults where players could go through a wall and get stuck when wall running.
Fixed enemies setting off the alarm in Spy Missions without Player interaction.
Fixed various localization issues.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.2
**Date:** 2015-02-06T03:50:39Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
Fixed Orokin Sabotage missions not being complete-able.
Fixed an issue where Red Veil Syndicate allies in missions were using Kunai instead of Rakta Ballistica.
Fixed an issue with Medallian redemption on accounts showing '0' in inventory.
Fixed various crashes.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.13.1
**Date:** 2015-02-06T00:53:03Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
See here for 15.13.2: 

Changes:

* Defense and Interception Syndicate Missions are now worth 50% more Standing, due to a lack of Medallions in this Mission type.
* Updated AKJagara's store icon to display two pistols instead of one.
* Added new reverb effects to the Corpus Gas City tileset.
* Added new reverb effects to the Grineer Forest tileset.

Fixes: 

* Fixed an issue where Defense Key missions were not saving progress.
* Fixed crash caused by audio reverb settings.
* Restored Torid's 20% base status chance.
* Fixed an issue with End of Quest screens being inescapable, resulting in a Force Quit. 
* Fixed an issue where claiming an item in the Foundry with no slots could freeze the UI. 
* Fixed AFK players not receiving End-of-Mission Quest rewards.
* Fixed players being unable to redeem Syndicate Medallions. 
* Fixed issues with Syandana placement on Loki Prime.
* Fixed the Uru Sugatra's size being extra large.
* Fixed Wyrm Prime's energy colors not displaying properly.
* Fixed Boltor Prime's material colors not displaying properly.
* Fixed various particle effects not functioning properly.
* Fixed an issue caused by inviting a player to a Clan that has not logged into the game.
* Fixed Quest Keys not appearing in the Key category of the Foundry.
* Fixed some Grineer Vaults containing Corpus style stairways instead of the proper Grineer type.
* Fixed various crashes. 

If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."

1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.

Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.13
**Date:** 2015-02-05T21:08:01Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Councillor Vay Hek will no longer require a key to access. He is now a boss on Earth that can only be accessed by Mastery Rank 5 and above Tenno. Vey Hek beacons and Key / Key Blueprints may one day serve a future purpose...
Syndicate Leaders and Medallion turn-in representatives have been given idle animations.
New Cache locations have been added to the Void!
Added Void Key Rewards to Alert Missions (starting Feb 15).
Syndicate allies will now aid your fight in Syndicate Missions!
Syndicate hostages are now being held in Syndicate Rescue Missions!
Loot waypoints can now be set for Syndicate Medallions, Oberon Blueprints and Stalker weapon Blueprints. These waypoint markers will be much clearer in what you're alerting your squadmates of.
Our Codex 2.0 Contest winners have had their art added to our Codex!

### Changes
Tenno Reinforcements:
Akjagara Dual Pistols and Uru Sugatra available now!
The design of these hard-hitting dual pistols is a mix of organic and bladed elements.
Expressing the martial finesse and skill of its master, the Uru Sugatra complements the Uru Syandana used in the Tenno Absolution Ceremony.
Get these new in-game additions by visiting the Market today!
What are the Arcane Codices?
A new character and a completely revamped version of Spy Mode await you in the Stolen Dreams Quest. Embrace your inner secret agent, Tenno!
The Grineer have put out a capture order for a thief named Maroo - they claim she double crossed them and has sold precious Arcane Codices to the Corpus. Concerned for Maroo's safety - and excited at the idea of a new Arcane Codex - the Lotus is requesting that you bring Maroo in.
Think fast, Tenno! You must plan your actions quickly and accordingly in this Quest. Failure to do so may alert the enemy to your presence and the Arcane Codex data may be destroyed.
Complete this Quest and you'll be rewarded with an Ether Dagger Blueprint and a Catalyst Blueprint.
This new Quest is available for all players Mastery Rank 3 or greater.
While our old Spy game mode certainly had small spy-like focus in stealing intel, most of the time players were happy to loudly murder their way through the enemy to get the job done. Who could blame anyone? That's why we sat down and gave Spy a total overhaul.
With new elements focused on avoiding laser grids and sneaking past guards, stealth is paramount in Spy 2.0. Being detected will mean losing rewards and bonus Affinity, even when the Mission is complete.
The following nodes have been updated to include this new Spy game mode:
Mercury
Suisei
Venus
Vesper, Unda
Mars
Martialis
Jupiter
Adrastea
Saturn
Titan, Aegaeon
Uranus
Umbriel, Rosalind
Neptune
Sao, Laomedeia
Pluto
Oceanum
Ceres
Lex, Hapke
Eris
Cyath, Gnathos
Sedna
Tikoloshe, Scylla
Europa
Armaros, Valac
Phobos
Grildrig, Shklovsky
Joining our updated Spy 2.0 are some exciting improvements to stealth combat! Players will now find that sneaking around each Mission may come with some excellent rewards. These alterations to stealth gameplay will continue to evolve based upon player feedback, but for now stealth aficionados can sink their teeth into the following changes:
We've made a wide variety of improvements to Warframe in some obvious, and not-so-obvious ways. The following is a quick list of changes we've made, and where you'll notice them the most!
The following Mission Nodes on the Star Chart have had missing and mismatched rewards fixed.
Ceres
Bode (Capture)
Phobos
Limtoc, Todd (Capture)
Uranus
Trinculo (Capture)
Europa
Valefor (Excavation)
Europa
Zagan, Morax (Exterminate)
Eris
Viver (Hive)
Sedna
Undine (Sabotage)
Europa
Gamygyn (Sabotage)
In addition, changes have been made for Defense, Survival, Mobile Defense, Exterminate and Rescue. Previously these Missions were not properly balanced to reflect the Mission's enemy levels, sometimes resulting in fewer enemies than intended in higher level Missions and more at lower level Missions.
To simulate waves and grouped up enemies, previously survival enemy spawns cycled on and off for short periods of time. While it was a simple way of adding the desired pacing, we found that it was possible for players to get 'in sync' with killing enemies at certain times which left gaps of time where there were no enemies to kill and no enemies spawning, especially in higher level Missions with four players.
Spawning now fluctuates dynamically with each enemy spawned. Max spawn rate is the same, but it's now the time between individual enemy spawns which changes instead of a blanket 'on' or 'off' state for all enemy spawning. Hopefully you will start to see more consistent spawning in higher level Missions with four players, as well as squads of enemies attacking together. In our tests we found that there wasn't a notable difference in low level Missions.
Small life support drop rate was tweaked to compensate for the changes.
Although we have playtested extensively, we are always interested in your feedback. Please be sure to let us know how these changes may have affected your gameplay experience in the appropriate subforum:
Star Chart node changes have been made to balance the available nodes across factions, tilesets and difficulty. The following nodes have received changes:
Saturn
Keeler: Changed Survival node to Grineer Asteroid Mobile Defense
Saturn
 Cassini: Changed to Asteroid tileset (was Galleon)
Phobos
Flimnap: New Survival Grineer Asteroid node (was Deception)
Europa
Zagan: New Survival Corpus ship (was Exterminate)
Neptune
Despina: New Survival Corpus ship (was Defense)
Ceres
Nuovo: Changed to Galleon tileset (was Shipyards tileset)
Shields and HP are two critical elements to keep track of in Warframe, but when fighting enemies it can be difficult to keep track of how much damage you've taken in the heat of combat. This Update contains new visual and audio cues for when your Warframe takes damage in combat.
When taking damage in combat damage will sound different depending on if your shields are down or intact. Additionally shields 'breaking' have a new audio cue to help you better keep track of when your health is exposed to enemy fire.
Additional Sound Adjustments
This Update includes multiple improvements to sound immersion. Among these changes are:
- Improved audio on bullet impact, making it easier to hear where shots as passing by (or where your rounds are being spent).
- Improvements to the Grakata's audio.
- Sliding will now provide different sound effects, depending on what surface the player is on.
There are a lot of variables that go into making an NPC more or less deadly, and accuracy plays a huge role in what enemies are most feared. These new adjustments to enemy accuracy will dramatically change how players handle foes.
Each enemy will have increased (or decreased) odds of hitting a player based on the type of weapon they're using. Sniper rifles, for example, will have higher accuracy at long range but will be more difficult for NPCs to use in close-range combat. Not only that, but our new system allows us to create custom draw rates that make some weapons more difficult for enemies to aim quickly with.
These changes represent an ongoing state of development for our NPC accuracy; and we welcome player feedback on this subtle, under-the-hood change to be made in the appropriate subforum. For more information on our accuracy adjustments please check the following thread in our Developer Workshop:
Saryn's Molt will now transfer enemies that 'latch on' to Warframes (Brood Mother Maggots, Swarm Moa Swarms, etc) instead of destroying them.
Oberon's Hallowed Ground will no longer create a second AoE effect on a second cast when the Hallowed Eruption Mod is equipped.
Casting Frost's Snow Globe inside of a Snow Globe you previously created will combine the health of both globes, eliminating the old Globe in the process. This will allow for greater combat visibility as your view won't be obscured by opaque stacked Snow-Globe walls!
Frost Prime's Ice Wave now has a bit of Prime flair to its visual effect.
Mag Prime's Crush now has a bit of Prime flair to its visual effect.
Increased damage bonus to Excalibur's Furious Javelin Mod.
Updated audio and visual FX on Volt's Shock Ability. 
The following Augment Mods have had their duration increased from 24 seconds to 40 seconds, and their damage reduced from 125% to 100%Ember's Fireball Frenzy
Frost's Freeze Force
Oberon's Smite Infusion
Saryn's Venom Dose
Volt's Shock Trooper
Nova's Neutron Star Augment now has a max range of 8 meters, in addition to some slight camera shake for effect.
Made minor visual and audio FX changes to Frost's Avalanche ability.
Removed the initial radial damage of Ember's Fire Blast, damage and the Heat proc now occur on the shockwave as it expands.
Removed the white flash that occurs when transitioning into Loki's Invisibility.
Syndicate Medallions have been increased to provide 500, 1000 or 5000 Standing depending on Medallion rarity.
Itzal Archwing's Support Drones will now gain the same color tints of the Archwing.
The 'bounce' effect that occurs when hitting an object has been reduced. This should help eliminate any pinballing when hitting a wall in close-quarters.
Auto-turrets will now be open on spawn.
Added health bars to Wyrmius bosses.
Syndicate Daily Quests for Standing have received an Affinity overhaul! These changes should make Syndicate Missions much more rewarding to complete, in addition to decreasing the Daily Syndicate Standing Cap for non-Syndicate missions.
Syndicate Daily Missions now give double the Standing they did previously.
Daily Standing caps for non-Syndicate missions for have been reduced by half (remember, this cap is determined by Mastery Rank). For example:MR 0 could earn 2000 Standing before, now 1000.
MR 1 could earn 4000 Standing before, now 2000.
MR 2 could earn 6000 Standing before, now 3000.
Syndicate Mission Medallions have new standing values:
Common Medallions are now worth 500 Standing
Uncommon Medallions are now worth 1000 Standing
Rare Medallions are still worth 5000 Standing
The following changes have been made to the Rakta Ballistica. Future adjustments may continue to be made, and feedback on any weapon are encouraged to be posted in the appropriate subforum.
Rakta Ballistica's crit chance has been buffed from 15 to 20 on charge.
Ratka Ballistica's damage on charge has been changed to 5 Slash, 5 Impact, 90 Puncture.
Lighting adjustments have been made to Tenno Relays.
Various art updates have been made to Tenno Relays.
Reduced the number of locked co-op doors in the Corpus Gas City tileset for Rescue and Intel game types.
The Tar-Mutalist Moa, Sapping Osprey and Infested Alad V will now have their damage scale based on their level.
Improvements have been made to glass and distortion effects in game!
Sinister Reach will now extend the Amprex's chain lightning effect.
Updated sound effects on player and NPC footsteps.
The Lynx is now immune to Mind Control effects.
Made various background art updates to Corpus Archwing Sabotage and Exterminate Missions.
Updated the Deep Freeze Mod to give up to 90% Freeze damage to match other elemental Mods.
Updated the North Wind and Shocking Touch Mods to give up to 90% damage to match other elemental Mods.
Attempting to convert an Arcane Helmet will now display a warning message to confirm your decision.
Updated Natural Talent to now be a Rare Mod on Interception drop tables.
Adjusted Ducat selling price of common Prime Parts from 50 to 10.
Increased the amount of Fusion Cores you get in Void Survival Rewards depending on tier of Survival being played.
Added a 3 x Orokin Cells to TIII Survival Rewards. 
Some Mission Ndes have been changed to the Grineer Galleon tileset (previously, Grineer Asteroid).
The bloom on Mutalist Incursion Tactical Alert Badges has been reduced.
Reduced particle effect trails for Kohm's projectiles.
Player HUD and targeting reticule will no longer display in Relays.
Wall running instructions in the beginning tutorial should now be easier to read and see.
Mission Extraction cinematics will now cancel all emotes and actions.
Various NPC changes have been made within Syndicates, adding more life to those who live there.
Nightmare Mode nodes now have an updated Icon on the Star Chart.
Made audio improvements to Mission Transmissions.
Adjusted the Kohm to shoot a maximum of 5 pellets, in addition to dropping the fire rate but boosting projectile damage to compensate for dps. This should keep the Kohm's damage relatively unchanged, while helping cut down on the graphical latency caused by the weapon.
The World State Window will now show quests that you can start, in addition to incomplete quests.
Added large viewing screens to the Relay Concourse. 
New Rescue Mission on Jupiter.
Phobos Rescue tile was reworked for Rescue 2.0.
Rescue hostages will now stick closer to players, instead of moving at their own pace.
Rebalanced the MK1 Paris easier to use with comparable damage to the MK1 Braton. 
Void Mobile Defense maps have been reduced in size to cut down on the amount of travel Tenno need to do.
Slightly reduced the Shield Osprey's beam radius.
Removed puddle of water that would occur around ice floor panel in Void tilesets.

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where running would be cancelled into a walk animation when reloading.
Fixed multiple item pickups occasionally causing a grey square to appear where the item's art should be in the information feed.
Fixed an issue causing a door in Orokin Void Survival Missions to never unlock.
Fixed a rare issue where client could be disbanded from a squad before being able to join a squad they've received an invite to.
Fixed the Jackal non-stop stomping players into nearby pits, forcing them into an infinite teleport loop.
Fixed an issue in the UI caused by opening the Syndicate Offerings page followed by repeatedly pressing the Escape key (Pause Menu).
Fixed various zoning issues on the Orokin Derelict tileset.
Fixed 'Hack Door' markers appearing on locked doors in Rescue.
Fixed areas of Archwing Exterminate Missions that, when entered, would cause players to become trapped by invisible boundaries.
Fixed the portal in Void Sabotage being open at Mission start.
Fixed the appearance of Slender Excalibur in Archwing Missions.
Fixed ragdolled enemies in Archwing Missions becoming stretched.
Fixed some enemies spawning inside of walls in Archwing Missions.
Fixed Mesa Spectres getting stuck in Peacemaker.
Fixed an issue caused by Oberon dying and respawning mid-duration of Hallowed Ground.
Fixed players being able to see outside the level boundaries on Ice Planet Tilesets.
Fixed Archwing turret corpses never disappearing.
Fixed a typo in Cephalon Suda Syndicate Mission dialogue.
Fixed an issue caused by Clans created with no name, or whose name leads with a space.
Fixed Archwing's vacuum effect crowding the screen with items. Should now funnel to a single location.
Fixed various issues causing broken objective markers on the Corpus Ice Planet tilesets.
Fixed inappropriate skybox holes appearing on the Corpus Ice Planet tilesets.
Fixed various collision issues on Corpus Archwing Missions that would allow players to fly through terrain into open space.
Fixed players waiting in a lobby for other players timing out from a session.
Fixed an issue where pressing spacebar while on the View Mission Progress screen will instantly abort the Mission with no warning.
Fixed rewards on endless Missions not advancing when a player comes back to a Mission mid-AFK.
Fixed localization issue on inbox message received after killing the Jackal.
Fixed an issue that would fail to send Gifts if the Gift message ended in '\'. 
Fixed the Syndicate Medallion count inappropriately resetting after death. The counter will now always be clear as to how many Medallions are left in a mission.
Fixed Trinity's Link using the incorrect energy color as per:
Fixed the Torid not dealing DOT damage to impacted target as per:
Fixed white lines appearing on Tipedo during electric effects as per:
Fixed chat that appears above player heads in Relays not respecting profanity filter settings.
Fixed the Lotus making the wrong broadcast transmissions in Interception Missions. 
Fixed an issue caused by dying when Nova's Null star was active.
Fixed an early detonation of Nova's Null Star not removing the ability timer.
Fixed clients spawning in the incorrect location on the Earth Defense tileset.
Fixed security consoles on Corpus Ice Planet being difficult to see due to thick ice.
Fixed clients seeing Captain Vor throw 4 Lightning Traps instead of 2.
Fixed Captain Vor standing still and doing nothing during third phase of fight. Will now properly shoot at Tenno skoom.
Fixed any player being able to pick up weapons disarmed by the Drahk Master, instead of just the disarmed player.
Fixed players having no way to recover the Datamass if it is not picked up at the start of the Corpus Gas City tileset. 
Fixed redundant End Mission transmission that plays at the completion of the Once Awake quest.
Fixed players spawning on top of one another (instead of beside each other) during the final portion of the Archwing Quest.
Fixed subtitles at Ducat Kiosk being impossible to read, hidden behind the transmission image of Baro Ki'Teer.
Fixed clients captured by the Grustrag 3 becoming removed from the Mission, even if no other players were captured.
Fixed multiple errors caused by using 'pause' or 'unpause' functions during dojo pigment research.
Fixed Clan names displaying in Hubs even when the option to not see such information was selected.
Fixed issue caused by inspecting a player in Archwing Missions as a client.
Fixed an issue that would cause the player to become stuck in low gravity by spamming jump attacks.
Fixed combo finishers for Bladestorm not showing up correctly for clients. Visuals should now match for client and host, in addition to the melee combo counter tracking properly.
Fixed players no longer taking suffocation damage in Survival Missions if they revive after death once oxygen has been depleted.
Fixed shoulder and leg attachments hiding player Emblems or Badges.
Fixed an issue caused by switching to melee weapons while picking up an object, caused players to be unable to use melee weapons.
Fixed an issue on the Grineer Galleon tileset that left visual holes in the environment textures.
Fixed Energy Orb pickup animations not always playing on pickup as per:
Fixed unusual squares found floating in Void Missions as per:
Fixed Corpus Gas City Defense entrance door having no shadow.
Fixed issue where dragging a Mod into your loadout will cause the Mod to look like its 'damaged' variant.
Fixed Mirage's HUD Eclipse Buff showing as going above 255% damage as per:
Fixed an issue where ranged enemies would stop using ranged attacks after meleeing once.
Fixed a HUD issue showing the Berserker Mod as 1% less than it should be.
Fixed Syandanas clipping through Trinity, Saryn, Zephyr, Frost Prime and Limbo's clothing and armor.
Fixed players being able to see through a hole into space on the Void Capture tileset.
Fixed Clan invites not properly allowing invited players into the Clan.
Fixed issues caused by broken level overlays in Void Derelict tilesets, as per:
Fixed a large wheel that players could get stuck behind on the Grineer Asteroid tileset.
Fixed Warframe Powers ceasing function after being mind controlled by Infested Alad V.
Fixed issue that would cause Mission Results to not appear after completing a Mission and returning to your Liset.
Fixed missing drop information in Codex for Sprag, Ven'kra Tel and the Lynx.
Fixed the 'Remaining Hives' text disappearing once players have entered the first Hive room in the Hive game type.
Fixed Glaive sound looping forever after performing melee attacks.
Fixed the Buzlok and Twin Gremlin being unable to equip Terminal Velocity or the Lethal Momentum Mods.
Fixed Corrupted Captain Vor not appearing after announcing his presence in a Mission.
Fixed Corrupted Captain Vor teleporting through the floor, falling to his own death without providing any loot to the players.
Fixed a room with no way to escape once lockdown occurs, as per:
Fixed Interception points in player Tutorial showing as under enemy control, despite being under player control.
Fixed broken Mission Result screen that appears when finishing a Dark Sector Conflict.
Fixed missing text during Lotus transmission after player cancels a dual in a Dojo.
Fixed not being able to exit out from the Archwing menu of the Arsenal.
Fixed a lack of enemies leading into the portal room in the first Archwing quest.
Fixed a location that players could get stuck in Earth Survival tilesets as per:
Fixed issue that would allow player to walk through a specific texture on Phobos as per:
Fixed the text on the leaderboards showing as cut off in some languages. 
Fixed the Astral Twilight Stance Mod not appearing in the Codex.
Fixed Ember's Fire Blast shockwave damage numbers not properly appearing.
Fixed Ember's Fire Blast applying a push velocity while player was blocking.
Fixed Ceramic Dagger's weapon trail not quite lining up with the blade as per:
Fixed Bonus Affinity not displaying properly on the End of Mission results screen.
Fixed an issue where Challenges were not being displayed when inspecting another players profile in a Relay or Dojo.
Fixed unique energy colors not applying to the Telos Akbolto and the Vaykor Marelok.
Fixed a crash that could occur on the Warframe Updater if a player signed into one profile, then signed out of that profile and restarted the game logging into another profile.
Fixed an issue that would occur when entering the pause menu while in the Relay Star Chart, causing all planets to be pushed out of focus.
Fixed an error message caused by sending a player multiple Clan invites, prompting an error message in English for all language regions.
Fixed players being able to open the Navigation and Star Chart after inspecting another player in a Relay, followed by opening the Menu.
Fixed some enemy types not appearing on the minimap for clients, or showing up as enemies of the player that has the Enemy Radar Aura equipped.
Fixed Zephyr's Tornado not properly sucking up all eligible enemies.
Fixed Zephyr's Tornado climbing into the air to chase enemies already being tossed into the air.
Fixed the client HUD not always properly updating its information.
Fixed Syandanas not being attached correctly when a player inspects another player.
Fixed an issue that caused NPCs to not shoot accurately at clients.
Fixed Lieutenant Lech Kril not targeting any players in the double boss fight.
Fixed Syndicate Missions all displaying as Mercury when looking at your Friends location.
Fixed a turret inappropriately floating in Archwing Missions.
Fixed a wide variety of missing Codex information; including missing art from various art galleries, weapons, and enemies for the Corpus, Grineer, Infested and Corrupted.
Fixed players being able to slide along walls in Archwing missions.
Fixed various localization issues.
Fixed Stamina orbs in the Dojo becoming vacuumed up by Carrier for eternity.
Fixed an issue where a handful of low-tier Syndicate Missions might not be generated due to high-tier missions occupying all the low-level Star Chart nodes.
Fixed an ugly looking Groot Root as per:
Fixed an exploit in Rescue where players could leave the hostage locked in the safety of their cell while completing the mission.
Fixed visual issue on pillars in Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed various Missions not saving player Inventory at the start of the Mission.
Fixed players being unable to melee after interacting with the Datamass in Deception.
Fixed an exploit in Interception Missions that allowed players to use Hydroid's Tentacle Swarm to put Interception points into an uncapturable state.
Fixed a rare issue where the Node name and Mission type appear incorrectly when loading into a Mission in the left-hand corner.
Fixed an issue with Saryn's Venom not properly reflecting player's energy color on cast.
Fixed clients getting credit for completing Quest Missions if host aborts mid-Mission.
Fixed issue that would cause a failure to load the final Mission of the Archwing Quest.
Fixed players only receiving one reward in Excavation Missions, regardless of Mission duration.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.12.3
**Date:** 2015-01-30T23:27:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixes:
- Fixed unused Syndicate and Void Trader weapons in your inventory still being eligible to receive XP as a sign-in reward and thus render them un-tradeable.
- Fixed statistics for Archwing items not appearing correctly under Profile > Equipment stats.
- Improved NAT-PMP diagnostics to identify when other programs may be interfering with the automatic port-forwarding.
Notes from Hotfix 15.12.2 (earlier today) can be found here: 

## Hotfix 15.12.2
**Date:** 2015-01-30T19:12:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Removed Channeling visual effect on the Asita Rakta, Sancti, Synoid and Vaykor Syandana.
Archwing Weapons will now be included in player profile stats.
Additional optimizations have been made to help handle Strict NAT.

### Fixes
Fixed high CPU processing strain caused by using weapons with punchthrough on densely packed enemies. Players should have noticeably better performance in these scenarios.
Fixed the weapon trail for the main hand Dual Heat Sword being dagger sized, inside of sword sized.
Fixed an issue causing attachments to the Sancti Castanas and regular Castanas to turn grey.
Fixed clients not receiving the proper amount of health from Life Strike as per: 
Fixed players not being able to parry when standing on Hallowed Ground as per:
Fixed clipping issues with Uru Syandana
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.12.0
**Date:** 2015-01-29T22:14:29Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Additions:
Network Compression and Congestion Control changes are being made to Warframe! What does this mean for the average player? The tl;dr is that better Network Compression means lower latency during Missions, and a lot less stress on your bandwidth!
If you'd like to know more about the technical side of this exciting update, please read the full explanation here: 
Strict NAT is a problem that affects a small portion of our playerbase, but for friends that want to play together having multiple layers of Strict NAT can be an issue. Earlier this week (and with more work in this update) we've begun to test a solution that will help players suffering from Strict NAT better connect with friends without needing to worry about their own network configurations.
For more on this exciting update, please read the full explanation of our NAT testing here:
Each glows more intensely with achieved feats achieved in mission.
Wear your accomplishments and allegiance with pride by donning these six new Syndicate Syandanas!
The Telos, Synoid, Sancti, Secura, Asita Rakta and Vaykor Syandanas glow with increased intensity as different accomplishments are achieved in missions
Obtain these Syandanas through Syndicate Offerings. You must reach the highest Syndicate Standing to purchase the associated Syandana.
Terrify Changes:
Terrify casting time reduced.
Terrify will now affect a greater number of targets.(Before: Maxed Terrify = 12 targets. After: Maxed Terrify = 20 targets.)
Terrify can now be recast.
Terrify will prioritize unaffected targets on cast.
Terrify range has been slightly reduced. (Before: Maxed Terrify = 20 m. After: Maxed Terrify = 15 m.)
Shadows of the Dead Changes:
Increased the damage output (x2.5 with Maxed SOTD) of summoned shadows created by Shadows of the Dead.
Increased the health (x2 with Maxed SOTD) of summoned shadows created by Shadows of the Dead.
Players can now walk through shadows created by Shadows of the Dead.
Soul Punch Changes:
Soul Punch can be cast from any direction/orientation, meaning that Nekros doesn't have to orient himself to cast on a selected target.
Weapons that are tradeable can no longer receive login reward XP.
Reduced the bloom values in the Dojo Tenno Lab.

### Fixes
Fixed spelling error on Saryn's Regenerative Molt Augment.
Fixed Itzal Archwing's Codex entry to display a Warframe wearing the Itzal in the diorama.
Fixed issue caused by Host inviting players to a party when set to Friends Only while party members are set to Public.
Fixed performance issues caused when moving through connecting rooms on Corpus Outpost.
Fixed player weapons still appearing on the ground after they've been disarmed by the Grineer Drahk Master just before exiting and rejoining the Mission in progress. 
Fixed issue that would prevent players from logging in due to a script error in Clan MOTDs
please note this issue only affected languages with non-Latin characters.
Fixed players being able to perform emotes while in a bleedout state.
Fixed players still being able to acquire overshields when shields are being depleted from environmental ice effects.
Fixed Mag's Greedy Pull moving weapons disarmed by the Drahk Master, making the weapon unrecoverable.
Fixed some weapons not using the correct damage multipliers as per:
Fixed the Viper not having the correct tint on its Forest camouflage skin.
Fixed an issue where the player's Warframe in the Arsenal would not visually change weapons when switching between loadouts that were missing Primary and Secondary weapon slots.
Fixed player names showing up as decimals in public chat channels if the player name is mostly numerics.
Fixed Captain Vor falling through slopes when teleporting.
Fixed issues that could arise when moving from terminal to terminal within the Liset's quick menu.
Fixed players not being able to delete Alliance invitations if they received the invite when they were no longer in a Clan, already in the Alliance, or if they are no longer the leader of a Clan.
Fixed the Panthera's alternate fire causing the razor blade to fly backwards when pressed rapidly.
Fixed various issues caused when a host migration occurs during a Grustrag Three appearance.
Fixed a twist in the Yamako Syandana that made the adornment look unusual.
Fixed picking up Energy Orbs as a client not reflecting on your energy pool when you have an Ability active until the Ability ends.
Fixed Mag's Greedy Pull Augment not properly using its full range for other clients when relocating items.
Fixed an issue with Mesa's kills with Peacemaker not accounting properly as kills from the Warframe. This should rectify issues with suit XP not being earned at full value.
Fixed ragdolled enemies suddenly disappearing.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.11.2
**Date:** 2015-01-23T19:52:31Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes:
The Prisma Gorgon is now tradable!
Improved movement physics on the Yamako Syandana.
Fixes:
Fixed a potential issue with host election if you stayed in a lobby for a long time.
Fixed grey lines on numerous Immortal Skins.
Fixed an issue where queuing up an air attack and then landing before the air attack started, would stop all melee action until you finish holstering.
Fixed clients not seeing the "explode effect" when picking up items as per:
Fixed players not being removed from the squad list when crashing/terminating abruptly.
Fixed a VOIP related crash.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.11.1
**Date:** 2015-01-22T21:18:54Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
A Mastery test for Rank 18 to 19 has been added!
Ember is now able to gain energy from Team Energy Restore items while her World on Fire Ability is toggled on. Please note Energy Orbs should be working as well. Our tests confirm Energy Orb pickups give the expected energy to Ember while World-on-Fire is active, if you encounter an issue where this isn't the case please outline the repro specifics in the appropriate bug sub-forum.
Ember's World on Fire will immediately hit up to five targets on initial cast.
Ember's World on Fire will now drain energy after casting has been completed, and not during cast. Energy drain will deactivate the moment the Ability has been toggled off, regardless of animation state.
Ember's World on Fire will now prioritize targets on activation. Higher priority will be given to targets that pose the most immediate threat to Ember, such as not under any Crowd Control or within close range.
Ember's World on Fire will now have an increased chance to proc fire damage on enemies (chance increased by strength mods).
Mirage is now able to gain energy from Team Energy Restore items while her Prism Ability is toggled on.
Rewards for quests/missions in the World State Window will now be much easier to see, whether you've already obtained the reward or not.
Updated visual effects on Ember's casting animations. Ember should now be a little brighter when summoning fire. Please note we are still reviewing the changes overall!
More recent Corrupted Mods were given an increased drop chance to give players better odds at being able to get them. Now that some of the shine has worn off, all Corrupted Mods are being given the same % drop chance. This means you'll now have an equal shot at any Corrupted Mod on your Vault Runs!

### Fixes
Fixed an issue where any changes made to the Gear in your inventory would only save if you were changing something else within the Arsenal as well.
Fixed issue that would cause in-game options to reset upon logging in as per:
Fixed Wyrmius being able to shoot during respawn period.
Fixed Void and Orokin Derelict Missions showing up as 'Mercury' when viewing player activity in friends list.
Fixed an error that was causing a 'check your firewall settings' warning to be broadcasted.
Fixed issue with Syandanas not properly resting on Rhino.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Update 15.11
**Date:** 2015-01-21T23:52:13Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Additions:
Wyrmius, the most anticipated Warframe-themed; side-scrolling mini game of the year is here!
Use Wyrm's signature laser rifle to blast through increasingly challenging enemies in this Sentinel-based space shooter.
To play, visit your Arsenal and Equip Wyrm. Visit 'Appearance' and select the 'W' loadout at the top of the screen. Could it be any simpler? Yes, yes it could be but it's not.
Shoot 'em up, Tenno!
Liset lacking flair? Is its décor the saddest in the Solar System?
The best part? Ask them a question and they'll always agree!
Pick up these agreeable new Noggles in the Market today.
Base Stamina increased to 150.
Base armour increased to 100 (125 for Ember Prime)
Movement Speed increase.
Fire Blast has had a mechanic added. In addition to placing a ring of fire on casting location, it will now also generate a growing wall of fire (like the Arson Eximus ability).
World On Fire is now a toggle ability with a 50 Energy cost on cast. It will drain 5 energy over time as well as consider your power duration (affected by mods).
World on Fire has had its casting time reduced.
Increased the Itzal Archwing's Fighter Escort Ability to 20.
Added visual effect for Itzal's Fighter Escort drones exploding once the Ability expires.
Improved audio quality on Fusion MOA firing sounds.
Increased Sugatra size on Jat Kittag.
Slightly lowered the speed in which Mag's Pull Ability will drag enemies and items towards you.
Resource boosters now apply to Dojo color pigment drops. (Note: because pigments drop at 100% from their enemy types, for pigments, drop chance boosters are treated as drop amount boosters)
Players can now be able to see downed allies through walls via an outline.

### Fixes
Fixed visual effects on Mirage's Hall of Mirrors clones when using the Panthera.
Fixed Poison and Gas procs inappropriately stacking visual effects, causing characters to glow.
Fixed the Itzal Archwing's Fighter Escort drones explosion range not properly increasing as you rank up.
Fixed Mag's Greedy Pull Augment not picking up items within range on client, due to host registering items as being further away.
Fixed instances of the player becoming stuck in the ATV on Corpus Hijack Missions. 
Fixed the Panthera not appearing on the ground for pickup when player becomes disarmed.
Fixed creative (but unintended) parkouring that allowed players to reach unfinished levels of the Relay.
Fixed host migration triggering a replay of Lotus' broadcasted Mission alerts.
Fixed visual issue with Flux and Spectra laser beam appearance.
Fixed clients showing as muted in the UI when connecting to a session in progress..
Fixed players getting a broken 'End of Match' screen at the end of Dark Sector Missions.
Improved Yamako Syandana's collision for female Warframes using the Noble Stance.
Fixed Stalker causing missions to enter lock-down and be unbeatable on Key Missions.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.10.2
**Date:** 2015-01-16T22:23:40Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Increased Affinity received for killing Nullifier Crewman to 150, and increased Affinity gained for killing Corrupted Nullifiers to 500.
Reduced enemy spawn rates in Infested Hive Missions to be more in-line with other non-endless mission types.
Adjusted Panthera audio when hitting flesh or metal. Firing your weapon on stone will now make the appropriate metal grinding noise!

### Fixes
Fixed instances where players became unable to move after picking up Syndicate Medallions or other interactable objects.
Fixed an issue where a new host would not be immediately created from the current host disbanding a squad, leading to a session timeout for all players.
Fixed players not being able to build Corrupted Dragon Keys in Foundry.
If your post in a Hotfix/Update thread includes 'Still no fix for...."
1) Include a link to a relevant bug report/screenshot that has details on reproducibility and the nature of the issue.
Without these details it is increasingly difficult to troubleshoot the specifics involved in resolving a bug.

## Hotfix 15.10.1
**Date:** 2015-01-15T22:48:21Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Weapon Changes:
Secondary fire Slash damage increased from 75 to 225.
Increased secondary fire status chance.
The Panthera's secondary fire will now stagger enemies on impact.
Increased secondary fire rate from 150 to 200.
Mirage's Hall of Malevolence Augment has been buffed to give each of Mirage's clones a damage increase of 5% per enemy killed, up to a total of 50% max clone damage. Previously this damage increase was based on unmodded weapon damage.
Mirage's Hall of Malevolence buff will now show as a % damage increase in the UI.

### Fixes
Fixed Void Key packs not appearing alongside other Tier 2 Offerings in the list order.
Fixed visual effects issue on the Panthera's firing animation.
Fixed the Flux Rifle's material not using the correct energy color.
Fixed various audio FX inconsistencies that would occur when firing the Panthera or Miter.
Fixed Corrupted Lancer's newfound ability to shoot bullets from their face. They now use rifles like an ordinary Orokin-influenced Grineer.
Fixed magnetic procs erasing overshields.
Fixed magnetic damage dealing damage through normal shields.
Fixed players getting stuck in Infested Alad V's mind control ability after Alad V has been killed.
Fixed Trinity's Blessing removing overshields.
Fixed Shield Ospreys shield ability removing overshields.
Fixed Syndicate weapons and Mods with Sequence removing overshields when proc occurs.
Fixed duplicate Bo melee weapons appearing in the Market and Codex.
Fixed Panthera showing a duplicate spinning effect when fired.
Fixed issue where alternate fire modes on the Panthera didn't visually work properly for clients.

## Update 15.10.0
**Date:** 2015-01-15T00:17:31Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Ability buffs have been added to the Squad UI! Buffs will now show to the left of your squadmates health bar. Buffs cast on your teammates will show duration timers (ie Roar, Warcry, Banish, etc).
Ability buffs will also show self-buffs such as Roar, and Augment Mods that provide buffs such as Rhino's Ironclad Charge will also detail information (ie armor gained from targets hit with Charge).
Overshields have been added to Warframe! Overshields are an extra layer of protection on your existing shield that must be destroyed before your Warframe's shields can be damaged.
Overshields can be obtained when using Shield Restore items when you are at maximum shield capacity. Overshields cannot be regenerated, and this extra protective shield is noted by a color change (purple) in the UI. 
Overshields have a cap at 1200.

### Changes
The Shield Transference Augment Mod now creates an overshield based on the amount drained via Shield Polarize. This amount contributes to overshields as normal, and will cap at 1200.
Limbo's Cataclysm Ability is now toggleable.
Update Augment Mod cards to include stats in their description.
Increased AFK detection timer for reward exclusion from 1 minute to 2 minutes.
Reduced fire rate of Kohm in full auto, but boosted projectile damage to compensate.
Void Key packs are now available as Tier 2 Syndicate Offerings! These packs contain 3 random Void Keys for 25,000 Standing. Two keys in each pack will be random T1 or T2 mission keys, and every pack is also guaranteed to have a random T3 or T4 Void Key.
Players can now choose which Mission they would like to play when there are multiple Missions (Alerts, Syndicate, etc) on a single node.
Syndicate weapons or Mod procs with Entropy or Blight will now restore 25% of the Warframe's base energy stat, instead of restoring 25% of the players max energy.

### Fixes
Firing high-velocity blades, this weapon can also be used as a battle-saw, shredding anything unfortunate enough to get within range.
Fixed various localization issues related to pigment names.
Fixed Eos Prime's material color changing to green when combined with blue tints as per: 
Fixed Solar Rail Schema not applying to the Rail if the Schema is applied when out of conflict.
Fixed an issue with the Dojo Teleporter where two players using the Teleporter in quick succession would cause the first player to have a partially faded screen.
Fixed lighting issue in tutorial Missions.
Fixed location on Infested Alad V mission where players could potentially become stuck.
Fixed distorted audio on Grineer Shipyards tileset.
Fixed the Ember's Fireball Frenzy Augment Mod remaining on a player when cast twice on a player before the first cast expired.
Fixed players not receiving quest rewards if they AFK at the time of extraction during a quest Mission.
Fixed Warframes occasionally turning their heads into strange directions.
Fixed Mirage's Prism occasionally not be destroyed at the end of the cast.
Fixed an FX replication issue caused by all enemy Drone types on explosion.
Fixed Polychrome falling through the floor of the Dojo when placed at the same time as rotating the decoration in use.
Fixed issue with Eos Spur and Prime Eos Spur offsets.
Fixed rotation of Primed Eos Shoulder Plates on Frost Prime.
Fixed incorrect armor locations on Nyx Prime.
Fixed the reload sound of Phage never ending if the animation is interrupted with a Tenno power.
Fixed armor offsets on the Excalibur Proto Armor.
Fixed an issue where enemies already affected by Ember's Accelerant Heat debuff would not become stunned when the ability is recast. Enemies will now be stunned and Heat debuff duration will be refreshed.
Fixed Mag's Greedy Pull Mod picking up items at only half the range it should be as per:
Fixed Imperator Vandal not displaying proper energy display color.
Fixed various localization issues.
Fixed elemental damage Mods not increasing damage when applied to the Fluctus.

## Update 15.9
**Date:** 2015-01-08T21:39:10Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Mutalist Incursion Trophies are in and have been awarded to winning the Clans. Congrats!

### Changes
Void Key Packs are being removed from Syndicate offerings. Please visit the following link to vote on what Void Key offering you would prefer to see in their place: 
Added Melee Combo Counter to Excalibur's Slash Dash.
Pool 2) Exterminate, Sabotage, Capture, and essentially anything else that isn't endless have end-of-mission reward items (Blueprints from bosses, etc).
Pool 2 items are all that is affected by this change at this time.

### Fixes
Prepare to unleash fury with the Tipedo. With its crescent shaped blades flying in sweeping arcs and striking at tremendous speed, this Tenno Staff demands focus from those wishing to unlock its true power.
Fixed Warframe Mods being applied to Archwings after a host migration occurs.
Fixed generic Archwing Mods saying they are compatible with only the Odonata. They will now properly say 'Archwing'.
Fixed squadmate Lisets not always showing the correct colors on the loading screen.
Fixed Strun and Strun Wraith making continuous clicking sounds when you hit an empty magazine.
Fixed audio and visual problems that would occur on Corpus outpost connecting rooms.
Fixed Halikar weapon sounds looping when the player is interrupted during a jump strike.
Fixed issue caused by Limbo leaving a session after casting Banish on a player, causing them to be permanently Banished as per:
Fixed enemies immune to Warframe abilities still being affected by Loki's Irradiating Disarm Augment Mod.
Fixed shotgun weapons causing 'glass' impacts on the wrong materials.
Fixed ammo pickups potentially counting towards multiple players, instead of applying towards a single player.
Fixed XP Boosters and Dark Sector bonus modifiers affecting Syndicate Weapon bonuses (Entropy, Sequence, Blight, Purity, Truth, Justice).
Fixed various localization issues.
Fixed Corpus Power Carrier appearing twice in the Codex.
Fixed Smoke colors in Arsenal selecting the same color twice unintentionally.
Fixed the Quick Reload Mod using the incorrect image on the Mod card.
Fixed the Sinister Reach Mod incorrectly saying it can be used on 'any' weapon, not just 'primary' weapons as per:
Fixed scale and placement of Targis Prime armor when used on Mesa and Zephyr.
Fixed visual issues with Targis Prime armor when used during Mesa's Peacemaker.
Fixed an error causing incorrect pigments to drop in Missions.
Fixed erroneous pickup sounds triggered when players have obtained a pigment.
Fixed regular weapon upgrades being applied to Archwing weapons during a host migration.
Fixed Excalibur's Radial javelin doing 2x damage when cast by Clients as per:
Fixed Nekros' Shadows of the Dead Ability not deactivating properly.
Fixed the Itzal Archwing's Blink Ability allowing players to teleport through objects they shouldn't be able to.
Fixed typo in the Itzal Pack Market description.
Fixed general issues that would occur during Archwing Missions during host migration.
Fixed Kohm creating particle effects on Mirage's clones when particle settings are not set to High in system settings.
Fixed white flash of light that would occur when players would be hit by Dargyn's laser weapon in Archwing Missions.
Fixed minor color issues occurring on electric procs within Volt's Overload sphere.
Fixed the Defense End of Mission screen always showing one wave higher than actually cleared.
Fixed players not being able to access their inventory if they obtain pigments while in a clan, then leave the clan.
Fixed pigment drops potentially despawning rare resources.
Fixed Clan Dojo loading issue that would cause players to sit on a perpetual loading screen.
Fixed issue in Dark Sector Conflicts that would cause 'dojo detected' to pop up on screen and become unremovable.
Fixed Dojo wall decorations having slightly incorrect placement.
Fixed Mods shown on loading screen displaying incomplete / incorrect details.
Fixed Dojo becoming inaccessible after using the Polychrome Unit.
Fixed players being unable to start a new project if they have pigment remaining in their inventory when their last Polychrome Research finished.
Fixed the appearance of a 'fog effect' that would appear when quickly aiming into a connecting room.
Fixed issue caused by players not being able to read their Tethra's Doom reward inbox message.

## Hotfix 15.8.1
**Date:** 2014-12-20T22:03:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 15.8.1
Hardware:
Improved hardware for better connectivity and stability.
Fixes:
Fixed "Fomorian Integrity" failing to update in UI once health falls below 10% (its actual health was still tracking correctly however!). 
Reduced server load when Operation missions appear or are completed.
- Fixed issues with low-end PC's using incorrect timing for Eyes of Blight.
See our Leaderboard PSA here: 

## Update 15.8.0
**Date:** 2014-12-19T23:27:57Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Adjusted the damage threshold on the Infested Boiler's ability to spawn new enemies, preventing players with incredibly high dps spawning an overwhelming number of enemies.
Added Liset custom energy glow effect to Archwing terminal menu.

### Fixes
OPERATION EYES OF BLIGHT
Take down the Fomorian Vessels!
A message from the Lotus:
Vay Hek is making his move. We have just detected a Balor Fomorian traveling on an interception course with Vesper Relay. The beast moves slowly but if we allow it to get within firing range, it will surely obliterate our new Relay. We need to destroy it before that happens.
Intelligence reports state that the Balor Fomorian's power core emits a thick energy field composed of deadly omega radiation. In order to break through the field you will need to craft this Fomorian Disruptor. It will allow you to safely approach the core and when activated it will temporarily disrupt the core allowing you to inflict damage.
Take note Tenno, the Disruptor is forged using recently discovered Omega Isotopes. These are a by-product of a Fomorian's core and will only appear in and around planets with a Fomorian present.
Move quickly Tenno, this is the first Balor Fomorian attack but it won't be the last. When the others come we must be ready.
The Lotus
Fomorian Vessels will intermittently appear in the Solar System as event nodes. These event nodes will be locked until you have the Fomorian Disruptor in your Consumable Inventory.
You will receive a Blueprint from the Lotus for the Fomorian Disruptor. It will require Nano Spores, Cryotic, and Omega Isotopes to craft.
Build your Disruptor in the Foundry and equip it in your Gear Menu to start the Fomorian Sabotage Mission.
Once in the Mission, fly to the Fomorian. Once you're close enough to the Fomorian you must disable the exterior Shield Cores so you can enter the ship.
The Fomorian's internal Shield Generators are protected by a magnetic field. Use your Fomorian Disruptor from the Gear menu to disrupt the magnetic field, and temporarily expose the Shield Generators, allowing you to destroy them.
With the Shield Generators destroyed you can now deal damage to the ship's Main Reactor Power Cores.
After damaging the cores, escape to safety outside the Fomorian.
Completing a successful Sabotage run will earn you event points, and reduce the global health of the Fomorian.
Your Fomorian Disruptor will be consumed after completing the Fomorian Sabotage mission.
This Operation is on now until Monday, January 5 at 12 PM EST.
Completing the Fomorian Sabotage mode successfully will earn you one Battle Point.
You can earn a maximum of one Battle Point per Fomorian. Repeating the same Fomorian will not generate additional Battle Points. These points will count towards individual rewards.
Fomorian missions with a higher level of difficulty will provide extra points.
Leaderboards are available for players that want to compete for the best score during Fomorian Sabotage Missions. Your individual score is determined by the amount of damage dealt to the Fomorian Power Core during a single run. The highest scores can only be achieved by squads with coordinated deployment of Fomorian Disruptors, and efficient attacks on the Power Cores.
Clan Scoring considers the following:
Your score will be based on the most damage dealt to the Fomorian Power Core in a given mission. Clan score is sum of personal best but divided by max clan size for that tier (ie: 10 for Ghost Clan, 1000 for Moon).
3 BATTLE POINTS: Eyes of Blight Skin Pack (Badge + Rahk Fluctus Skin)
10 BATTLE POINTS: Eyes of Blight Mod Pack (Magma Chamber + Searing Steel)
15 BATTLE POINTS: Imperator Vandal
Clan Scoring: The Top three Clans in each tier will be awarded with Gold, Silver and Bronze Statues.
Take down the Fomorian Ships, Tenno!
Players can check out the Leaderboards for Operation Eyes of Blight here:
Leaderboards are updated every 15 minutes for Clans, and every 5 minutes for players. Good luck, and may the best Tenno win!
Omega Isotopes: Produced by a Fomorian's power core, these particles only appear on planets where a Fomorian is present. Omega Isotopes can only be obtained in non-Archwing missions where a Fomorian vessel is present.
Fixed Soma Prime and Vasto Prime not being visible in the Codex.
Fixed duplicate Stance Mods appearing in Codex as per:
Fixed the Breach Loader Mod showing an incorrect description in the Arsenal.
Fixed audio issue when interrupting the Supra mid-reload.
Fixed non-Archwing Pistol and Shotgun Mods appearing in Archwing Missions.
Fixed the word 'SCANNING' appearing in the Codex for non-localized descriptions.

## Update 15.7.2 + 15.7.2.1
**Date:** 2014-12-19T18:09:43Z | **Type:** Update
### Additions
Liset interior effects will now change color depending on player Liset energy customization.
Added various effects and NPC animations in Syndicate Rooms.
Added a new melee combo to Shattering storm and Crushing Ruin Stances.
Tellurium: This rare metal is foreign to the Origin System, broken loose from asteroids that have made the long journey from other stars. Tellurium can only be obtained in Archwing Missions as a drop from any slain enemy.

### Changes
Reduced negative penalty on Tainted Shell and Critical Deceleration's fire rate adjustment to avoid purely negative fire rates on shotgun weapons.
Reduced bloom effect on a particular room within the Void that was shining too brightly.
How many shots it takes to destroy a Nullifier Crewman's shield is no longer determined by the number of players in a mission.
Joining a Syndicate Mission mid-progress will now show how many Medallions are remaining in the Mission, updating appropriately if Medallions in the Mission have already been picked up.
Reduced the bloom on the Mutalist Incursion Event Badge to make the icon more visible.
Toned down the bright white snow on Corpus Outpost Defense Missions.
Large Energy Pickup added to Archwing Missions.
Increased the frequency of Energy Pickups dropped in Archwing Missions.
Weapon and Sentinel experience Login Rewards will now provide experience to a Weapon or Sentinel in the Arsenal if the player logs in with a fully ranked Weapon.
The Host of a Dojo will no longer be able to pause the game if their matchmaking has been set to Solo.
Adjustments made to Kunai and Despair holster to remove redundant visual attachments.
Events in the World State Window will now be sorted by time remaining on the event.
Players that have multiple of an item with a limit of 1 will now be given an appropriate message when attempting to craft said item in the Foundry.
Added confirmation message with all standing changes when turning in Medallions.
When creating piles of items to sell, all identical items will automatically be sorted into the same pile.
Removed the Anemic Agility Mod from the Grineer Ballista's drop table. This was only ever intended to drop in Orokin Derelict Vaults.
Adjusted visual effect from heat generators on Ice Planet tileset.
Toned down visual effect from the Coolant Leak Mod.
Updated the look of the Conclave Team Select screen.
Oxium Ospreys now drop more Oxium!
Added spin down effect to Kohm.
Rebalanced Missions on Europa to allow for a greater variety of Missions.
Hives in Hive Sabotage are now immune to Warframe abilities that cause push / pull effects.
Damage numbers will now appear when destroying environmental objects.
Textures updated on the Pyra Prime Syandana and Vasto Prime now match Nova Prime's metallic texture!
Added a 3 second delay on players losing Zephyr's Jet Stream Mod buff once stepping out of range of Turbulence.
Made small tweaks to Mesa's Peacemaker pistol draw / holster animations.
Buffed effect of Auxiliary Power's Mod.
Smaller Archwing enemies now have a slightly larger hitbox.
Increased Velocitus' damage from 1200 to 1800.
Removed Weapon and Sentinel experience Login Rewards providing experience to a Weapon or Sentinel in the Arsenal if the player logs in with a fully ranked Weapon. We will revisit this as a feature after more testing to ensure tradable weapons are not affected!

### Fixes
ITZAL ARCHWING: Designed for quick clandestine attacks, the Itzal Archwing excels at striking from the darkness of space.
Blink: The Itzal Archwing teleports a short distance, dropping all enemy target locks.
Penumbra: Activates a cloaking field that hides the Warframe and any nearby allies who remain stationary.
Cosmic Crush: Forms a miniature black hole that sucks in all nearby objects before rupturing in a massive shock wave.
Fighter Escort: Deploys drones that fight alongside the Warframe, each detonating in a destructive blast when killed.
FLUCTUS: An Archwing energy weapon that sends waves of deadly plasma crashing into enemies.
CENTAUR: Part sword, part shield, the Centaur excels at charging headlong into enemy fire.
Start your Research for the Itzal and Fluctus in the Clan Dojo, and purchase the blueprint for the Centaur from the Marketplace today!
Fixed the Nullifier Crewman's protective bubble not removing Trinity's Link.
Fixed Nyx's Chaos causing Hives in Hive Infestation to become invincible one Chaos expires.
Fixed water in Dojo fountain turning black when players stand in the water.
Fixed host migration issues occurring when picking up Syndicate Medallions.
Fixed Syndicate Medallions disappearing during a host migration.
Fixed Mod search bar numerical entries causing issues as per:
Fixed Miter's charge loop sound continuously playing after charge has been completed.
Fixed lack of sound related to zoning issue in Corpus tileset room as per:
Fixed issue with objective marker and AI spawns in the Archwing Corpus sabotage tileset.
Fixed Steel Meridian Syndicate Missions not being selectable due to Star Chart being occupied by other factions.
Fixed Dojo paint colors not properly showing up after being implemented.
Fixed visual issue caused by player Inbox being forced to open on login during loading process.
Fixed previewing multiple paint colors in Dojo causing a lock on the player's camera.
Fixed incorrect player stats appearing when viewing Warframe in Liset Arsenal.
Fixed visual issue with textures on Ice Planet Mobile Defense.
Fixed issues with animation on Archwing primary weapons.
Fixed grey square appearing at bottom of screen instead of text when picking up resources.
Fixed Mirage's Eclipse Augment effects not working correctly when applied to other Warframes.
Fixed issue that caused players to be stuck holding their melee weapon in an area where weapons are disabled. (ie
Liset, Relay)
Fixed issue in Foundry where player cannot purchase additional inventory slots after having just purchased and filled inventory slots.
Fixed various localization issues.
Fixed numerous holes and collisions.
Fixed an error caused by Nekros' Desecrate.
Fixed an error caused by Nova's Molecular Prime.
Fixed Valkyr's Hysteria tagging dead enemies with its visual special effect.
Fixed Silva and Aegis losing texture when used by Mirage during Hall of Mirrors as per:
Fixed Nyx's Mind Control causing Brood Mother Maggots to attack enemies after Mind Control ends.
Fixed exploit that gave players infinite ammo provided they used the mouse scroll wheel as their weapon fire button.
Fixed the miniboss in Void Sabotage missions not spawning.
Fixed Infested Boiler's spawned enemies improperly attacking players while under the effect of Nekros' Shadows of the Dead.
Fixed players being unable to pick up a Syndicate Medallion until another player in the mission picked it up first.
Fixed Mirage's Prism never going away when cast outside of a Nullifier Crewman's bubble, just before stepping into the bubble before the throw animation is complete.
Fixed issue occasionally caused by Mirage's Hall of Mirrors.
Fixed broken lighting effects on Syndicate Medallions.
Fixed issue caused by melee whip animations.
Fixed additional instances where Alad V's Mind Control ability would cause issues for the player.
Fixed not being able to swap the polarity of a slot on Kubrows and Sentinels.
Fixed selecting an item in the Marketplace followed by fast-navigating to another terminal on the Liset causing the item you were previously looking at to become stuck on screen.
Fixed an issue where items with no color customization will display as grey, instead of default colors.
Fixed Zephyr's Turbulence not being dispelled when entering a Nullifier Crewman's shield.
Fixed potential issue in Survival game mode that prevented the spawning of new enemies.
Fixed some weapons not correctly applying damage to Antimatter Drop as per:
Fixed some weapons with puncture damage registering too many hits on Antimatter Drop.
Fixed Nova Prime's Antimatter Drop not correctly applying unique visual effects to non-host players.
Fixed issue with weapon skins not properly applying to weapons.
Fixed enemies not spawning properly on Corpus ship during Grineer Invasion.
Fixed being unable to properly gift Void Keys.
Fixed Nullifier Crewman not properly deploying shield when resurrected by Nekros' Shadows of the Dead.
Fixed Mesa's Regulator Pistols persisting on non-Mesa Warframes when switching loadouts in Arsenal.
Fixed players being unable to sell weapons.
Fixed enemies not spawning in Void Defense and Interception Missions.
Fixed black screen when loading into an Interception Mission.
Fixed error that would occur when scrolling through Inbox message list before Inbox had finished retrieving all messages.
Fixed Nova Prime not appearing in the Codex for all players.
Fixed issue that would occur when selling an item you have more than one of.
Fixed NPCs not correctly aiming projectile weapons.
Fixed the Grineer Ogma being unable to hit players.
Fixed player HUD disappearing when a Corrupted Key is equipped.
Fixed issue with host migration in Archwing Missions where players using Zephyr are no longer able to move.

## Hotfix 15.7.1
**Date:** 2014-12-16T21:58:50Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Void Mission rewards are no longer included in caches upon finding all 3. Please note we are working on a way to return this feature, but exploits prevent us from leaving it active at this time.

### Fixes
Fixed personal contributions to Dojo color Research ingredients not being properly counted in the Dojo if you had not found any ingredients during our previous Update.
Fixed Nova's Antimatter Drop being uncontrollable at Rank 1 as per:

## Hotfix 14.6.1
**Date:** 2014-09-11T21:03:05Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
Added Rank display to item browsing, meaning you can now see what rank your gear is in the inventory. As an example, in the scenario of building an Aklex and you have three, one which is Rank 30, you can now see the item's rank in this new display!
Unlisted 14.6.0 change: There is now a Dojo chat tab when in the Dojo!
Trinity's Blessing is now recastable while passive damage reduction is active. This means you no longer need to wait for your Duration timers to expire before being able to recast Blessing.
Firstly, an explanation in intent and next steps:
Dev observed and experienced the uninhibited blinding effect in up to a 60 M Range with several environments coming between Excalibur and targets. This prompted review.
Secondly, the 14.6.0 changes have all been reverted as they were experimental and not intended to function in the way they did for this brief 12 hour window.
Thirdly, what you can expect down the road is Radial Blind functioning in a way that considers Line-of-sight. The 14.6.0 unintended version suffered from a lot of problems with this approach, and coming will be radically improved line-of-sight checks for Radial Blind. Targets behind cover that can still see Excalibur are blinded. Other bodies won't inhibit their blindness, but walls will.
First, a quick brief in the history of changes this Mod has undergone:
This Mod was originally fixed to not give a player energy for damage that was never dealt to player. When we added the damage predeath state in Conclaves, etc, the original fix was unintentionally reverted.
The 14.6.0 fix resolves issues where Rage + Quick Thinking gave effective permanent invulnerability because energy was being added to pool that was never dealt to player. With this change in mind, the combination of Rage and Quick Thinking may seem less efficient as before due to no longer giving effective invulnerability. The scope of this change is being monitored to ensure the usefulness of these Mods as a combination.
Changed loading screen/matchmaking logic to move on if after 10 seconds Client is unable to properly join/connect. Elaboration: Fixes entire squad being stuck on loading screen while waiting for low end PC to load.
Changed the attack ferocity of Corpus Mine Osprey: before no maximum existed on number of deployed mines, and now there is a maximum of 6.
Removed Kubrow roaming in Liset until further notice.
Tweaked performance of Local Reflections code on Dx10 and Dx11 to address potential FPS loss.
PvP Bladestorm balancing:-Reduced maximum number of attacks to [2, 3, 4, 5] to address issues with players getting stuck in Bladestorm-ed state for up to 15+ hits.-Increased the PvP damage multiplier from 0.1 per hit to 0.5 per hit in an effort to keep damage output in line with previous values.

### Fixes
Fixed issue with Captain Vor being unbeatable on Mercury.
Fixed an issue with Nova's Molecular Prime explosions caused by self-destructing enemies damaging teammates and defense objectives.
Fixed issues with users connecting behind proxies being unable to update the game.
Fixed an issue where Lotus would constantly talk to you at the end of Survival Alerts.
Fixed a game freeze that would occur when attempting to fuse or change mods.
Fixed game freeze when focusing on the categories menu after opening the item browsing screen in Foundry.
Fixed interception console 'hitswitch' pushing AI through the terrain on Grineer maps.
Fixed navigation issues that prevented faithful Kubrow from joining in the fight against Lephantis.
Fixed issues with Void missions not pausing when playing Solo and hitting ESC.
Fixed several crashes.

## Update 14.6.0
**Date:** 2014-09-10T21:36:26Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Additions:
Harkonar Armor Set: This prototype Grineer Exo-Armor was destined to be worn by Grineer generals until it was stolen and repurposed by Tenno agents. Wear it as a sign of defiance.
Added clarity to Alert Survival missions: A 10 minute countdown clock will now be displayed during any Survival Alert missions, indicating the mission requires a full 10 minutes of Survival to be completed.
Added in the Ice Planet Trophy for those that have earned this Dojo decoration from Operation Cryotic Front! These have been given in a script
relog to check for your Decoration if you are eligible to receive!
A new dissolve effect has been added for dead Kubrows.
Added in a new volume slider for Ordis.
Oberon's Renewal now has a timer that displayed the current number of targets being healed.
Oberon's Hallowed Ground now has an ability timer.
Kubrow and equipped Auras will now be displayed when hovering a squad members information.
Added in continued UI polish in the form of alignment and navigation tweaks (some by just 6 pixels).
Mods screen now shows the stat increases that will occur when ranking up Warframe abilities and Stances. See here for example of this addition: Reveal hidden contents
Note how I now have stats on what the results are of ranking up Valkyr's Hysteria through fusion.
Added in a new "PC Type" detection for host election purposes. Laptops will get a small penalty equivalent to 150ms of ping so as to select the best host possible.
Added in a "Please Wait" message that will lock the player in place when installing a module on your Liset during Vor's Prize/elsewhere.
Changes:
Altered the 'Defrag' message seen on the Launcher to 'Optimize' for added clarity on its function.
Moved "Decisive Judgement" Stance Mods from Specters to Grineer Wardens, found in Rescue 2.0! World on Fire was removed from Grineer Wardens for this change.
Improved the aiming direction of Mirage's Prism ability.
Improved the performance of a number of default customizations in the Arsenal.
Improved the DX9 system performance of computers utilizing AMD Radeon X1xxx series video cards.
Improved the network performance of numerous Warframe Abilities.
Tweaked the sound of the Raska Howl ability.
Improved the visual effects seen on Frozen enemies.
Reduced the maximum amount of Ancients that can be simultaneously active during Infested Defense and Survival missions.
Improved the XP bar full sound effect.
Tweaked the sound effects of the Nukor pistol.
Oberon's Hallowed Ground ability placement has been shifted backward slightly so as to allow for the casting Oberon to receive the full buff and removal/immunity effects.
Increased the proc chance of the Glaxion.
Limited the maximum amount Glaxion firing sound effects.
Crawlers dropped by Infested Drones will no longer count towards Extermination enemy counts.
Tweaked the pipe burst sound effect heard in Infested Corpus tilesets. .
Trinity's Blessing now heals 40/50/75/80% health and shields based on Mod rank. The percentage can also be increased by strength mods.
Oberon's Renewal now directly affects Sentinels & Kubrows.
Nova's Wormhole can now support multiple Wormholes (1/2/3/4) depending on the level of the ability.
Nekros' Desecrate now affects frozen corpses.
Improved the performance of the Nukor on low end computers.
Tweaked the Fusion visual effects.
Fixes:
Fixed an issue with Cryopods in Galleon Defense missions appearing incorrectly after a host migration has occurred.
Fixed a number of localization issues. 
Fixed an issue with Trinity's Blessing affecting Excavators.
Fixed an issue with Derelict Vaults sometimes including no enemy spawns.
Fixed an issue with players being unable to start key missions in Solo mode.
Fixed an issue with Alerts/Invasions/Nightmare nodes disappearing when returning from a mission.
Fixed an issue with the Friends and Clan screens not properly displaying the correct amount of players in a session.
Fixed an issue with the Coolant Leak visual effect appearing for allies and the player after a Radiation proc/PvP duel.
Fixed an issue with players being able to mantle vertical walls in the Mastery Rank 7 & 8 tests and falling to their deaths.
Fixed an issue with clients getting the first periodic Survival reward during Alerts.
Fixed an issue with the Liset seen in the tutorial having no proper collision.
Fixed an instance of incorrect VO playing during the Vor's Prize mission.
Fixed a number of map holes in the Lephantis boss arena.
Fixed an issue with Oberon's Renewal not being properly castable with exactly 25 energy left.
Fixed an issue with the visual effect from Oberon's Renewal not disappearing correctly when a client casts the ability with exactly 25 energy left.
Fixed an issue with Nyx's Absorb not properly costing 7/6/5/4 energy a second.
Fixed a number of map holes in the Shipyards tilesets.
Fixed an issue with being able to scroll through the Kubrow Stasis chamber menu while in other sections if using the mousewheel.
Fixed an issue with the Chat window not properly maximizing when selecting to talk to a user via the Friends/Clan screens.
Fixed a number of crashes.
Fixed an issue with the Ascaris not appearing on Warframes during the Vor's Prize tutorial mission.
Fixed an issue Infested Ancient hit-boxes not being properly scaled thus causing projectiles to pass through them.
Fixed an issue with blue visual effects building up and persisting when opening and closing the Arsenal/Mod Station modules repeatedly.
Fixed an issue with Valkyr's Warcry armor buff not properly being removed after the ability ends.
Fixed an issue with the Torid in the Foundry not appearing correctly.
Fixed an issue with the Iliad node name not appearing correctly.
Fixed an issue with Mod filters hiding fusion cores.
Fixed an issue with the Excavator not appearing right away after entering the Objective areas, this fix will be observed on re-release of this mission type.
Fixed an issue with players being able to get stuck at the bottom of Grineer asteroid tileset levels.
Fixed a number of map holes in the Corpus Outpost tilesets.
Fixed an issue with Nova's Wormhole 'beam' visual effects appearing offset from the portal visuals.
Fixed an issue with Nova's Wormhole duration not being affected by duration mods.
Fixed an issue with the player being incorrectly rotated after being teleported.
Fixed an issue with Hyena playing an incorrect animation when stunned.
Fixed an issue with the player's Warframes appearing in front of the Solar Map after opening the Foundry.
Fixed an issue with players losing some functionality after leaving a squad/session during map selection vote.
Fixed an issue with the Leaderboards not properly displaying weekly kill stats.
Fixed an issue with multiple Djinn entries being listed in the Codex.
Fixed an issue with multiple weapons appearing in the Codex even if they are not owned by the player.
Fixed an issue with players attempting to join the defenders of an in progress Dark Sector mission receiving an erroneous "Session is full" message.
Fixed an issue with players having the wait the full 60s if a countdown timer is started before the last person accepts in key lobby.

## Hotfix 14.5.2
**Date:** 2014-09-03T22:31:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Additions:
Added an "OWNED" label to purchased items shown in the Market.
Added in new Sound Quake stun animations for Grineer troopers.
Added in a new SMAA Antialiasing option (this has better detail preservation than our FXAA option). Note: This new option is on by default. This antialiasing option is slightly more system intensive than the current FXAA option, and if you experience performance issues you may want to switch to the old FXAA option.
Changes:
Slightly reduced the level of enemies on Earth, Venus, and Mars missions.
Renamed the "Cold Touch" mod to "Vicious Frost".
Improved the low frequency reverb sound effects.
Radial Disarm will now deal damage to Infested enemies in addition to losing their weapon if applicable.
Eximus and Hellion enemies on the Forest tileset now have a base level of 15.
Torid Changes:
Increased Torid's ammo capacity to 60.
Increased the critical chance on the Torid to 15% and the chance to proc its effect to 20%.
Firestorm mods will now affect Torid gas clouds.
Glaxion Changes:
Improved the performance of frozen death effects from the Glaxion.
Improved the ammo consumption and critical chance on the Glaxion.
Oberon Changes:
Improved the performance of the Hallowed Ground ability on low spec computers.
Improved the targeting responsiveness of Smite projectiles.
Fixes:
Fixed multiple issues with enemy AI getting stuck inside art assets and being unable to navigate certain areas of the Ice Planet tileset.
Fixed an issue erroneous "Mission Failure" messages appearing during Excavation missions.
Fixed an issue with Nyx ability Mods not being properly granted after buying/crafting the frame.
Fixed an issue with Excavators sometimes being missing during Excavation missions.
Fixed the magazine drop animation not playing properly on the Nukor and Galaxion.
Fixed missing drop shadow on chat text.
Fixed the rank not being displayed correctly on the Coolant Leak mod.
Fixed an issue with Kubrow Eggs not appearing as purchased in the Market.
Fixed an issue with Nyx's Absorb being useable during bleedout.
Fixed an issue Oberon's Reckoning blinding enemies around the caster and not the slammed targets.
Fixed an issue with certain minibosses teleporting into non-battle space areas.
Fixed an audio glitch heard in Orokin Void defense missions.
Fixed an issue with the mouse wheel not working correctly on the invite and squad menu screens.
Fixed some fonts appearing incorrectly on the End of Match screen.
Fixed an issue with the Mission Failed screen returning the player to the Ship at the 6 count and not the end of the countdown.
Fixed a grammatical error in the event reward message.
Fixed an issue with Smite projectiles sometimes colliding with each other.
Fixed an issue with Chat tabs continuing to blink when they are selected and the window is maximized.
Fixed the visual effects appearing incorrectly on the Torid.
Fixed an issue with Nightmare modes not having their proper debuff applied when playing on Rescue event missions.
Fixed an issue with clients being unable to see the magnetic bubbles after the alarm is triggered during Infested Rescue missions.
Fixed an issue with enemies affected by Molecular Prime not detonating until after their death animation is finished.
Fixed an issue with Player Names and Player Stats ending up in wrong positions.
Fixed an issue with Corpus Tech enemies not properly deploying Shield Drones.
Fixed an issue with additional, erroneous objective markers appearing when completing Mobile Defense missions on Asteroid tilesets.
Fixed an issue with the Chat window not opening correctly when selecting Communication, Friends, or Talk while in game.
Fixed an issue with Radial Blind (and other abilities that prompt AI reaction animations) causing Infested Crawlers to cease normal functionality.
Fixed a number of crashes.
Fixed long Clan names overlapping the points column on the Leaderboards.
Fixed an issue with Infested Crawlers occasionally attacking their teammates if deployed right as their Carrier is destroyed.

## Hotfix 14.5.1+14.5.1.1
**Date:** 2014-08-30T01:45:08Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Additions:
- Added duplicate mods category.
- Mod cards that you haven't unlocked will now have their stats hidden and will be darkened in the Codex.
- Added missing Kubrow sounds.
- Added missing hit effects for certain weapons on ice and snow.
- Added missing sounds in ice tile set.
- Changed Mirage Alt Helm to be untradable.
- Removed blur from Kubrow claiming screen.
- Tweaked Arsenal text to help with legibility.
- Optimized Swift Deth, Striker, and Thumper precepts to improve performance and reduce network traffic.
- Removed scrollbar in stats page to avoid confusion that you can scroll further.

### Fixes
- Fixed clients falling through the ground in the Ice tileset upon entering the mission.
- Fixed getting stuck in dodge state when rolling through Corpus laser doors while melee blocking.
- Fixed DirectX 10 option in launcher (it was not actually enabling the driver in game).
- Fixed Sacrifice precept (sentinel was not always dieing after reviving the player).
- Fixed energy color changing when selecting a primary/secondary color on some weapons in the Arsenal.
- Fixed sound effects for ice bridge collapse.
- Fixed people standing up during bleed-out to complete panel hack animations.
- Fixed objective progress bar not appearing after a host migration.
- Fixed restores not traveling with players in moving elevators.
- Fixed issue where clients couldn't shatter frozen enemies.
- Fixed a crash caused by host migration.
- Fixed a crash that could occur when joining a host while that host is shutting down to join someone else.
- Fixed numerous other crashes.

## Hotfix 14.5.0.3
**Date:** 2014-08-29T15:52:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
- Optimized network performance for several sentinel firing precepts.

### Fixes
- Fixed end of mission grey screen of death.

## Hotfix 14.5.0.1 + 14.5.0.2
**Date:** 2014-08-28T18:12:59Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Changes:

- Tweaked excavation level layouts to reduce marathon-fatigue.
- Players can now only carry 1 power cell at a time as to increase difficulty.

Fixes: 

- Fixed extraction timer overlapping excavation info text.
- Fixed issue where the scanner wouldn't drop if a host migration occurred momentarily before. 
- Fixed Aura/Stances not showing capacity gain in the max capacity. 
- Fixed ">" and "" and "" message unnecessarily appearing when returning to frontend after completing a mission.
Fixed stat tracking to exclude enemy pet kills/deaths in Conclave duels.
Fixed Ember's Fireblast light FX being independent of its power duration.
Fixed spectating mode
spectators no longer spectate themselves.
Fixed Conclave spawning to avoid players spawning on top of each other.
Fixed Fatal Attraction precept error on clients, resulting in missing FX.
Fixed player getting stuck in sprint without toggle sprint in some cases.
Fixed akimbo animations related to crouching and hand positioning.
Fixed issues with Ammo Mutation mods that were not functioning as intended.

## Hotfix 10.2.1
**Date:** 2013-10-04T20:37:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 10.2.1*
Fix for issues with retrying the rank 7 - 8 mastery tests.
Fix for issues after failing the rank 9 mastery test not allowing successful retrials.
Fix for issues with rank 10 - 11 mastery not informing players of failure.
Fix for Torid's cloud not using energy colour.
Fixed Twin Vipers having redundant flashlight.
Fix for after a migration during a duel players will be repeatedly teleported out of the duel arena
Fixed Twin Gremlins having a flashlight on your off-hand weapon.
Fixed Dera Muzzle flash offset.
Fixed NPCs potentially falling through floor when activating panic-button.
Fix for context action button in Dojo reading file path instead of "X".
Fix for unresponsive UI in certain cases of leaving and joining sessions.
Fix for not being able to accept invite-only game sessions from clan members who weren't on friends list.*For more information about Hotfixes, Content Updates, and Warframe, SEE HERE:

## Update 10.2.0
**Date:** 2013-09-27T19:52:28Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
It's Tenno Reinforcement Friday, so get ready to obliterate crowds with the Galatine—a massive two-handed great sword with the strength to carve through multiple opponents at once!
See it in action here:
Additions:
Galatine, a Tenno-forged great sword has been added to the market!
Blueprints now show build requirements.
Hush and Suppress mods now lower the sound of weapons when equipped.
Mods available from the Referral Program can now be found in-game or through Mod packs in the Market.
Fixes:
Carrier would only suck up drops with Vacuum if the host has not picked them up already. Now he sucks up drops regardless of if the host has picked them up!
After greasing the gears of the prime boar it now moves when firing and reloading.
Fix for Ignis and other weapons causing Pickups to go crazy by flying off the map if they had not come to rest.
Fix for sounds/music not always playing when starting a mission.
Fix for some hit sound effects constantly playing and never dying out.
Fixed footstep and slide sound effects randomly not playing.
Fixed visual and sound effects looping endlessly when firing projectile weapons at certain surfaces (doors, railings, lights, etc).
Fixed Suppress/Hush mod to actually reduce sound effect volume of the weapon it's attached to.
Rage mod no longer converts oxygen-depletion damage in Survival mode to energy and will not convert asphyxiation or vampire damage to energy
Drum contest is now live! Go here for the details:

## Hotfix 10.1.3
**Date:** 2013-09-25T20:50:02Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 10.1.3
Sentinels are now aware of lazy Tenno masters and will take a break if they go AFK for over a minute
Fixed a case where the infamously-sneaky Captain Vor could teleport to a distant room after his intro cinematic finishes
Fixed button callouts missing from tutorial messages
Fixed Ember's Fireblast not affecting flying enemies
Added Referral Program link to Contacts overlay
Update: Recruit Ninjas button now links to correct URL.

## Hotfix 10.1.2
**Date:** 2013-09-24T22:41:12Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 10.1.2
Fixed Vor becoming permanently invincible during boss fight
Fixed Serration mod not affecting Torid damage
Fixed Mobile Defense cryopod becoming invulnerable after host migration
Adjusted Phorid's drop rate chances to match other bosses
Fixed emblem positions on Carrier and Djinn Sentinels
Reworked chat server authentication protocols

## Update 10.1.1
**Date:** 2013-09-23T22:13:46Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Fixed unresponsiveness that could occur when returning to the main menu from a mission/dojo.
Fixed DirectX11 being disabled in the launcher if you went to the settings panel before DirectX11 had been auto-detected.
Fixed enemies sometimes not playing their death animations/ragdolling.
Fixed misaligned emblems for Mag Prime.
Fixed quantities of some equipped gear items increasing after host migration occurs.

## Update 10.1.0
**Date:** 2013-09-20T20:15:36Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Added:
End-of-mission Orokin Void Rewards have been properly rectified, see here for more information on what went wrong with Update 10's drops:
Resource requirement changes for:
Dual Ichors:
Mutagen: 10 to 4
Forma: 2 to 1
Embolist:
Mutagen: 7 to 5
Forma: 2 to 1
Synapse:
Mutagen: 11 to 5
Forma 3 to 2Djinn:
Mutagen: 15 to 6
Forma: 3 to 2
Derelict keys:
Into the Derelict: 1 hour to 1 minute.
Into the Assassination mission aka Boss Fight: 3 hours to 1 hour (3 hours to 1 hour)

### Fixes
Fixed Bastille affecting fewer targets than expected when immune enemies (turrets, cameras, drones) are nearby
Fix for Miter not taking energy color attributes.Fix for pickups not working in Conclave.
Fix for crash that would occur if Dethcube vaporizes opponent in the Conclaves.

## Hotfix 10.0.7
**Date:** 2013-09-19T22:03:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Additions:Darvo has emerged to offer discounted goods to the Tenno... he lurks in the Market.Fixes:Fix for Unranked Fusion Cores being offered as a mission reward.Fix for Turkish Players unable to join in-progress missions.Fix for motion blur in Syandana.
Fix for Gear Blueprints being sold for more credits than they cost.Fix for crash that could occur when viewing Arsenal while mission is starting.

## Hotfix 10.0.5 + Hotfix 10.0.6
**Date:** 2013-09-18T21:17:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixed News & Alerts panel disappearing randomly while traversing the UI (and actually fixed in 10.0.6)
Fixed clients receiving bottom-tiered rewards from Survival missions
Reduced cost of Team Totem blueprints, also changed resource requirements to Ferrite and Salvage only
Reduced crafting costs of Clan Tech items: Heal, Ammo, Shield, and Energy now 500cr
Fixed room prerequistites not being checked when attempting to construct new dojo rooms
Fixed "power in use" bug that could occur when using Desecrate
Added prevention for unintentionally selling last remaining sentinel weapon
Fixed damage numbers not appearing for Overheat
Fixed names for Rebound and Quick Return mods being switched

## Hotfix 10.0.4
**Date:** 2013-09-17T20:46:56Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Added:
Better indication of selected items in arsenal
Added sound effect to survival artifacts.
Less Opaque UI background.
Adjustments to Credit Price of replicating Bio Blueprints (150,000 to 50,000).

### Fixes
Fix for toggle sprinting and aiming getting in the way of each other.
Fix for Alerts not properly appearing in Game UI. (Further investigation here based on claims still persisting).
Fix for Stamina not being depleted on Clients for Stamina-based actions.
Fix for Play Now button being accessible when it shouldn't.-Fix for Uru Syandana not being color customizable. 
Fix for using chat while in a non-star node (Keys) lobby will prevent the appearance of the "Play Now" button.
Fix for clients sometimes not being able to damage Golem.
Fix for no enemies spawning in Survival missions after host migration.
Fix for German localizations.
Fix for Clan Dojo dueling not allowing players to revive.
Fix for tooltip descriptions not appearing when hovering over alert reward items.
Fix for Trinity's Well of Life causing shields to increase exponentially during Survival missions.
Fix for Sure-Footed mod not working on Clients.
Fixed Shadows of the Dead power in use bug when used to revive/resurrect Grineer rollers (possibly other enemies as well).
Fix for player can get caught in falling loop with teleport.
Fix for branch clipping through floor in levels.
Fix for hand clipping into leg.
Fix for image preview on Clan research.
Fixed stealth challenge completing on being spotted in third phase.
Fix for rare cases where an alarm panel outside of the spawn would be enabled instead of the one in the spawn room, added log message for final score, changed how health drain works.
Fix for dojo test Stealth Challenge not spawning enemies.
Fix for player loses rewards in key accessed defense missions if they do not claim and exit with host. Allow for migration if it's a defense mission, even if it requires a key
Fix for enemies not proceeding though some doors in Orokin level.

## Hotfix 10.0.3
**Date:** 2013-09-14T21:54:25Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Stamina System tweaks:
Reduced delay on stamina recharge.
Increased stamina recharge rate.
Decreased cost of stamina required for sprinting.
Dodging now uses stamina and has reduced damage while dodging
Dodges are executed slightly faster.

### Fixes
Fix for bug where "Buy Slots" would appear in gear menu after sell.
Fix for resources not dropping from The Void or Derelict Regions (this includes Mutagen).
Fix for Orokin Glass not being reflective.
Fix for Metallic look of Mod frames/borders.
Fixed doors shutting down on players once they failed challenge in Orokin Derelicts.
Fixed gap in Orokin Derelict level.
Fixed clients not being able to see generator hallway effects.

## Hotfix 10.0.2
**Date:** 2013-09-14T06:21:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Further reductions to Orokin Derelict recipes.
Added Charge attack melee stats to UI.

## Hotfix 10.0.1
**Date:** 2013-09-14T05:12:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Grakata critical rate buff.
Added proper BP icons for Kama and Soma.
Fix for missing Bio Lab research component.
Adjustments to Derelict Key recipes: lowered build times and adjusted resource requirements. (Note: Blueprints currently in progress will experience a UI bug with negative percentage.)
Fix for certain Asian languages text not appearing.
Fix for sentinels attacking owner in The Conclave.
Fix for stumbles in Sound Quake.
Fix for broken texture in connector.
Fix for Miasma not dealing correct damage.

## Update 10: Shadows Of The Dead
**Date:** 2013-09-14T01:39:30Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
Update #10 - Shadows Of The Deadadditions:Changes:Fixes:

## Hotfix 9.8.5
**Date:** 2013-09-09T22:21:10Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Nothing:
Potential fix for consumables being lost from inventory.
*Note: A big thank-you for everyone who helped us out with information with this particularly nasty dual-core freeze bug. Between the incredibly helpful threads and support tickets, we could not have done this without you folks. We're sorry for the frustration this caused and are standing by for results based on this fix.

## Hotfix 9.8.4
**Date:** 2013-09-09T18:30:33Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 9.8.4
Fixed frequent crashes encountered throughout the weekend
Fixed inability to claim items from Foundry even though empty slots are available
Fixed Ember's Fire Blast dealing damage to teammates and leaving permanent visual FX
Fixed Ember's World on Fire dealing inconsistent damage on host and client
Toned down Ogris charge effect
Fixed AI not advancing from upper levels of Corpus Defense map
Fixed AI not reacting to weapon-firing sounds
Fixed broken text appearing in main menu after defeating Vay Hek
Fixed descriptions of Neurodes and Neural Sensors

## Hotfix 9.8.3
**Date:** 2013-09-07T16:35:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 9.8.3:
Fixed intermittent gameplay crashes
Fixed inability to start missions due to "The game session is no longer available" message appearing
Fixed crash that occur immediately after logging in
Fixed scenario where mission selection UI would become unusable after returning from a mission
Fixed players exiting lobby completely when attempting to cancel mission selection

## Hotfix: 9.8.2
**Date:** 2013-09-06T23:29:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixed issue for freezes on single-core machines.

## Hotfix 9.8.1
**Date:** 2013-09-06T22:58:09Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 9.8.1
Adjusted Orokin Void door triggers and timing
Fixed objects disappearing when looking through certain doorways in Orokin Void
Fixed overlapping Beta label text on login screen
Fixed Grineer Galleon defense mode breaking after host migration
Fixed being able to bypass the Vor + Krill boss fight by using Bladestorm and other specific powers
Fixed physics crashes
Fixed inability to launch missions when playing in Turkish, also added missing Launcher text
Fixed random cinematics not appearing at login screen
Fixed "installed" tab showing all installed mods rather than the mods installed on the currently selected weapon
Fixed "Y" key opening Contacts menu

## Update 9.8
**Date:** 2013-09-06T18:30:21Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Additions:
This Addition has been added at 3:42 PM EST:
Defense Leaderboards are live!
You will see the Defense Leaderboards in your profile information screen. Here you can keep track of your personal and clans highest Waves reached in Defense!
Ember:
Fireball: Fixed the damage-over-time (DOT) attaching to the target. Increased the damage amount and damage over time.
Fire Skin: Fire skin is now an offensive power rather than a defensive power. Reduced damage resistance and increased the damage output. Warframe strength mods now modify the damage amount.
Fire Blast: Fixed scaling problem, mesh scaled but the damage wall never did. Range mods no longer affect Fire blast, Duration and strength mods do.
Mag:
Pull: Change damage type to use ragdolls for the pulling instead of sliding. Increased amount of damage dealt. Should be more in-line with other Warframe powers now.
Shield Polarize: Radial damage that is dealt when shields are removed is now scaled based on fusion level.
Bullet Attractor: Added damage multiplier on the targeted enemy, making ability much more deadly.
Crush: Damage timing changes.
Trinity:
Well of Life: Now plays reaction animation, Life is 10x multiplied allowing players to leech enough health out.
Energy Vampire: Now plays reaction animation and doesn't require damage to get energy. Instead target radiates a set amount of energy every couple of seconds. Also does damage to the target (Damage scales with strength mod).
Link: No longer damage immunity--changed to damage reduction, now links to several targets at once amplifying the incoming damage. Increased radius search for link targets.
Blessing: Anim speed changes and timing. No longer wait until end of casting animation to get power effects.
Vauban:
Bastille: Ability now has a set number of targets. 6-8-10-12
Vortex: No longer affects other players.
Nyx:
Psychic Daggers: Projectiles now seek and fly faster, more in line with other Warframes.
Absorb: Ability now has higher base damage and should attract more attention.
General:
Energy color tinting for Vauban's Tesla and Vortex abilities.
Energy color tinting for Nova Antimatter Drop ability.
Torid now uses energy color.
Paris Prime texture improvements.
New death animation for Mag's Crush ability.
Volt's Speed ability trail FX now last the duration of the power.
Added some new ambient sounds to Grineer Settlement levels.
Updated sounds for Mag's abilities.
Updated sound for Trinity's Well of Life ability.
Vauban's Tesla ability now has reduced FX on projectiles attached to players.
PvP Dueling - Trinity can now effectively target opponents with all abilities.
PvP Dueling - Vauban's Bounce ability now does damage.
PvP Dueling - Added cooldown to Excalibur Radial Blind ability to avoid exploits.
Healing Ancient heal radius reduced to 30m range (was infinite).
Tool tips now appear for Alt Helmets.
Misc. items section of inventory no longer adds empty slots (unnecessary)
Sound ducking from mix effects is now attenuated by distance as well as the volume ratio (user set volume levels, for example)
Added embedded damage radius to projectiles.
Changed damage done by embedded projectiles to be affected by armor.
Animation and Audio tweaks to some Warframe Agile and Noble animations.
2:43 PM addition:
Indicated items in the Gear area of the Market are being retired in a later update
Last Chance!
2:53 PM addition:
You may notice that mods you have equipped in a weapon are in your options for customization in other weapons. You no longer need to remove the mod from weapon X to equip in weapon Y, it will appear in the UI for you now.
Addition: If you find yourself saying "Now I wasted mods fusing up duplicate X because I can equip the same mod twice on Sentinel/etc." This will likely not be possible in the future so don't sell your duplicates!

### Fixes
Made a large number of optimizations to improve host frame-rate (especially when fighting many NPCs).
Fixed issue in Dojo where rotating decorations while holding shift will cause them to pop in some locations.
Fixed Dojo Rooms not accepting prerequisites from the old art set when trying to build rooms from the new art set.
Fixed issue where leaving a game after using a buff aura power causes the power to stay infinitely for all other players.
Fixed Thunderbolt explosive damage trumping impact damage. Projectile damage now applies first, and then the chance to explode is checked.
Fixed FX being applied incorrectly while Trinity's Blessing ability is active, and FX lingering on clients.
Fixed Rhino Stomp being in use on the client even though it didn't affect any enemies.
Fixed some cases where projectiles that deal radial damage wouldn't hit all valid entities.
Fixed another edge case where "Cannot use in air" error occurred.
Fixed Raptor missiles following invisible targets.
Fixed issues that had AI running in circles.
Fixed some cases where damage numbers were not showing up properly.
Fixed Nova Antimatter Drop ability disappearing on clients.
Fixed Trinity's Link tendrils not going away when all targets are dead or out of range.
Fixed Saryn's Venom globes being impossible to shoot in certain situations.
Fixed AI affected by Mag's Bullet Attractor ability from shooting once then stopping for several seconds.
Fixed abilities with cooldown timers suffering from "power in use" bug after used once on clients.
Fixed issue where player could lose weapon functionality if swapping weapons during an auto-reload.
Fixed issue where flashlights would remain on while weapon is holstered.
Fixed performance issues relating to Saryn's Venom ability.
Fixed blocking volumes in Corpus Outpost Hanger so the ship doesn't land on players.
Fix a number of issues with Trinity's powers in PVP. Blessing / EnergyVampire / Well of Life should all work correctly for valid targets in PvP.
Fixed incorrect emblem decorations on Dethcube
Fixed (again) issue with loot falling through respawn barrier and becoming unreachable.
Fixed issues with Jackal's leg shield mechanic.
Fixed missing texture on Fin sword. Waiting for notes on what is meant by Fin sword. Internal Note only.
Fixed issue where Ammo converted by Host was not available for clients.
Fixed Auras not returning after player dies and then revives.
Fixed broken Fang Prime elemental FX.
Fixed issue where players couldn't join a Dojo session in progress if the obstacle course had previously been triggered.
Fixed issue where skipping the Tutorial, it would continue into the Warframe selection screen.
Fixed issue where players couldn't enter Terminus immediately after completing tutorial.
Fixed stats not being properly counted upon mission complete due to host migration.
Fixed some teleporting issues to avoid specific areas where players fall through maps.
Fixed issues that resulted in clients being stuck on the loading screen after a match.
Fixed multiple areas reported as exploits or problematic for navigation across all tile sets.
Fixed various reported nav mesh, clipping, and collision problems across all tile sets.

## Hotfix 9.7.3
**Date:** 2013-09-03T22:18:36Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
A few changes here to the event rewards:
Changed Strun Wraith Crit Chance from the incorrect 50% to the correct 20%.
Scaled Equilibrium mod results to reflect amount of health or energy picked up.
Improved handle for corrupted download caches.

## Hotfix 9.7.2: The Reward-Ening.
**Date:** 2013-09-03T17:49:38Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 9.7.2 is live!
This hotfix includes:
Added content and rewards for the completion of the Survival Weekend Event.
Thank you, Tenno!

## Hotfix 9.7.1
**Date:** 2013-08-30T19:23:06Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Hotfix 9.7.1:
Fixed crash when activating Life Support Capsule
Fixed enemies not spawning for extended periods of time during Survival missions
Fixed missing texture on Braton Vandal
For the full list of Update 9.7 notes please see: 

## Update 9.7
**Date:** 2013-08-30T16:01:06Z | **Type:** Update
### Changes
Additions:
Added Warframe idle animation customization: "Agile" and "Noble".
Mod Rewards from "Arid Fear" event (Shred, Vigor, Lethal Torrent) now available in Nightmare Mode
Founders Badges are live in-game! Visit for all the info.
Improved Trinity's cast animation for Blessing ability.
Miter - increased fire rate, higher charge damage. Charged shots fire through targets.
Improvements to ragdolls.

### Fixes
Fixed incorrect emblem decorations on Dethcube.
Fixed Ember's Overheat ability that was creating extra fire FX on clients.
Fixed performance issues relating to Saryn's Venom orbs.
Fixed bug where you could navigate between regions after playing Void keys.
Fixed text field for Market sale items in Russian language.
Fixed Puncture Mods not working as intended on projectile weapons.
Fixed various reported crashes.

## Hotfix 9.6.1
**Date:** 2013-08-22T21:42:24Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 9.6
**Date:** 2013-08-16T19:47:03Z | **Type:** Update
## Hotfix 9.5.3
**Date:** 2013-08-14T16:54:17Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Hotfix 9.5.3:
Additions:
Corpus Void Keys are sellable for 1500 Credits.
Added hacking consoles to locations in Settlement tileset that users could be locked in.
Changes
Improved blueprint drop rates for Phobos boss fight.
More loot table changes! All enemies now have a chance to drop Fusion Cores.
Chat window tweaks to assist in readability of chat on bright levels (White text on Sand was problematic).
Tweaks to Grineer Hellion animations and movement.
Rollers have been removed from Grineer Settlements. The Grineer need to make up their mind!
Hand Positions on several weapons have been tweaked.
Kril And Vor have gone through endurance training and no longer attack and fear Sand Skates.
Reduced spawn rate of enemies on prison for Settlement Capture mission.
Buff to pistol Armor Piercing mod.
Buff to melee electrical damage mod: up to 10% from 5%.
Fixes
Fix for objective marker sometimes not appearing for Spy missions in Corpus Outpost.
Fixed Trinity blueprints dropping from Grineer Commanders.
Fix for Lech Kril sometimes becoming invincible when fighting him.
Fix for Sand Skate repeating his taunt animation.
Fix for credit booster not applying to end-of-match reward.
Fix for missing ceiling texture in settlement.
Fix for floating container in settlements.
Fix for Color Picker UI menu becoming unstable after "double clicking"
Fix for the Miter's holster position.
Fix for "Reputation" UI appearing in defense missions.. more on that later!
Various settlement map bug fixes.
Crash fixes.

## Hotfix 9.5.2
**Date:** 2013-08-12T20:05:26Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.5.1
**Date:** 2013-08-10T01:00:55Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Update 9.5: Operation Arid Fear
**Date:** 2013-08-09T21:23:06Z | **Type:** Update
## Hotfix 9.4.1: Double Affinity Weekend!
**Date:** 2013-08-02T22:39:43Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.4: Double Affinity Weekend!
**Date:** 2013-08-02T16:37:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.3.4
**Date:** 2013-07-29T18:42:45Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
fixed new Ammo Mutation Mods not being compatible with Clan Tech weapons.
fixed blueprints for weekend event Dojo Trophies requiring 16 Forma to build instead of 16 Gallium.

## Hotfix 9.3.3
**Date:** 2013-07-29T16:33:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Sling Stone Victory entry added to Lore section of Player Profile
Leftover corruptors can now be sold from the Inventory section of the Arsenal
Increased brightness of Warframe "energy" color
Fixed mods awarded from Steam packs not appearing in player inventory. Accounts affected will be retroactively fixed today.

## Hotfix 9.3.2
**Date:** 2013-07-27T04:28:27Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.3.1
**Date:** 2013-07-27T02:00:41Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.3
**Date:** 2013-07-26T21:25:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
ADDITIONS:
Calling all Tenno! Your help is needed July 26 until July 29 @ 12 PM EDT!
New Weapon: The VASTO Tenno revolver!
Fusion Core Bundles: 3 tiers to choose from in the Market.
New Ammo Mutator mods: converts unused ammo to select ammo type (Pistol, Shotgun, Rifle, Sniper, Bow).
Event Reward for Individuals: holographic badge in Warframe customization options.
Event Reward for Clans: Fomorian ship statue for clan dojo.
Beware! A new enemy type is patrolling the Famorian ships. The Grineer Eviscerator.
Ongoing Marketplace revisions
main page now displays 6x Featured items and 6x Most Popular items.
Added experimental new "Camera Controls Melee Direction" toggle to Settings screen (ON by default). When toggled off all melee attacks will be made in the direction your character is actually facing rather than using the reticle's aiming point. Toggling OFF may be preferable for players using gamepads.
Added Leaderboards for personal and clan stats (including event stats) to Profile screen.
Added mouse wheel scrolling for news/alerts/operations.
CHANGES:
Continued UI re-skinning: new fonts, popups, Login UI, Market UI (now includes Popular list and separate GEAR section), Foundry UI now uses 4-row layout instead of grid.
Online matchmaking now favors hosts within 3 mastery ranks of player when joining a mission where multiple hosts are available.
Can no longer join public in-progress extermination missions once half the enemies have been eliminated.
Enable ground hit on enemies who have ragdolled (as opposed to only working on enemies who are "knocked down").
Cleaned up tutorial level with proper pathing on stairs, missing collision on meshes, and blocking volumes.
Orokin Loot Runs: Adjusted timings on the loot run doors to provide appropriate challenge.
Obstacle course: Time limit shortened, and when it expires the player is teleported to the beginning with a fail message.
Obstacle course: Added "cancel" pads.
Added access to landing area in Large Corpus Cargo room (as requested).
Increased difficulty (just a little) of Nightmare mode.
Nightmare mode storage lockers don't give ammo.
Ash Bladestorm ability deals increasing damage as it levels up.
Grineer Animations for triggering consoles with more urgency.
Infested Ancient Loki Switch Teleport reaction animations, Mag Crush react animations, and stealth attacks.
Corpus Biped animation improvements (feet, toes, ankles, firing pose).
Arrows now use energy colors of the Bows.
Energy color clamped between 25%-65% luminance, sunglasses no longer required.
Reduced particle fx on Torid.
Ensured all powersuit fx have a proper default color set, for when we add that option.
Orthos Prime elemental FX update.
Visual FX improvements in Grineer Galleon.
Supra emissive fade on reload.
Lanka, Ogris updated charged sounds.
Lato Vandal, Latron Prime, Lato Prime, Snipetron Vandal, Sobek updated fire sounds.
Better timer sound for Nightmare mode.
Added vocals to Infested charger.
Volt audio revisions on abilities.
General Audio revisions: stereo loops cut down to mono, low compression settings.
Shortened the laser impact sounds that Cropus weapons use.
Smaller radius on impact sounds for the Flux Rifle.
Mag, Nova revisions to descriptions in Marketplace. Shorter.
Removed French holiday color picker from Market.
FIXES:
Fixed missing exterminate level in Corpus missiondeck, affected 4 missions on star chart.
Fixed incorrect value in Spanish for credit bundle.
Fixed elevator bug in Orokin engine room.
Fixed Galleon connector piece that had missing gameplay.
Fixed Galleon Raid level reduced problem areas where players could get stuck
Fixed AI navigation issues in Corpus Outpost
Fixed (again) secondary objectives not enabling if a host migration takes place before the first objective is completed.
Fixed Sentinels using powers/targeting enemies during rank up challenges.
Fixed a potential bug where two secondary objective scripts running simultaneously could stop the other from running.
Fixed weapon restrictions not being applied in Nightmare mode.
Fixed Stealth Attack animation Glaive on Quadruped
Fixed reported issues with Galleon doors that pushed or moved players.
Fixed Ember's Backdraft helmet tinting options.
Fixed various collision issues in all levels.
Fixed stamina pickups not working on client in Obstacle Course.
Fixed depth bias of clan emblems so they don't interfer.
Fixed speed run exploit in Obstacle Course.
Fixed some holster positions on most Warframes.
Fixed reload animation blends (blend with aim idle instead of passive idle)
Fixed Ash Smoke Screen VFX to last as long as the ability.
Fixed AI weapon melee hit effect sounds.
Fixed broken descriptions for both melee "dual stat" mods.
Fixed/removed the unnecessary sounds attached to the Rolling Drones.
Fixed Ash's smoke screen from applying effect to clan emblem icon. Emblem now just goes invisible.
Fixed Lotus symbol being overlaid on the clan emblem icon from certain effects.
Fixed Broken item resources that were unavailable when playing in Polish.
Fixed stamina pickups not applying to clients when running Dojo obstacle course
Fixed Vortex damaging teammates if a player using Vauban casts it then disconnects
Fixed Infested Ancient electricity & fire death animations
Fixed default graphics settings not being detected/applied correctly for lower-end PCs
Fixed UI becoming unresponsive in the event that hosting a mission fails
Fixed incorrect default colors appearing after choosing to reset colors for specific weapons (e.g. Kunai)
Fixed number of "alert" enemies not being retained after host migration.
Fixed charged-melee input being ignored if held after making several normal melee attacks
Fixed host migrating during nightmare mode causing the mode to change
Fixed Rhino's iron skin effects not being removed on client
Fixed duplicate mods being added to player inventory after reaching 10+ waves of Defense
Fixed Lech Kril's hammer continuing to damage players after swing animation ends
Fixed Contacts List selecting wrong player if the user list refreshed after bringing up the right-click context menu
Fixed Bastille not affecting Grineer Seekers and Snipers, fixed damage not registering against Crewman affected by Bastille
Fixed Radial Disarm harming instead of disarming Grineer Elite Lancers
Fixed chat window disappearing after completing a mission when Global Chat option is disabled
Fixed issue of random loss of functionality when using Ash's Bladestorm ability.
Fixed being able to gain mastery rank without completing test by replaying the tutorial
Fixed various items not being awarded after completing alerts when language is set to Polish
Fixed mods purchased from the store via booster packs not displaying their fusion level on the 'results' screen.
Fixed multiple reported crashes.
Fixed some "stuck" issues relating to Ash's Bladestorm ability.
Fixed issue where new clans can't invite new members until the clan leader logs out and back in again.
Fixed various powers unintentionally affecting new Orokin Defense Avatar.
Fixed Infested Ancients t-posing and not ragdolling.
Fixed bug in Obstacle course where time limit ends while the player is falling out of bounds. Player would be teleported to the beginning by the failure condition, but teleported back to the checkpoint in the course by the out of bounds trigger.

## Hotfix 9.2.2
**Date:** 2013-07-24T18:05:22Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Just a small one today!
- Relocated a number of our servers from the playwarframe.com domain to warframe.com where they will have new updated SSL certificates. This should assist with self-help method we have in place if things don't function properly.

## Hotfix 9.2.1
**Date:** 2013-07-19T22:34:42Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Fixed Seer colour customization issues.

## Hotfix 9.2.0
**Date:** 2013-07-19T21:09:23Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Changes
Changes:
Vampire mode degeneration cannot kill the player -
lowest health can be is 1%. Must die to enemy fire or other environmental disasters.Adjusted Vor's scaling with tweaks to MultiPlayer matches. He should not get higher than rank 54 vs 4 rank 30 players.
Several more tweaks to Vor's difficulty.
Removed Nightmare mode as an option for Mercury missions.
"/ignore" now stops invites from friends, ignored players will no longer be able to add you as a friend.
Captain Vor's damage intake is now locked to stages, prevent massive damage from taking him down too fast.

### Fixes
Fixed the Sobek and Torid weapons so that they can be fired when coming out of a sprint.
Fix for account issues if user aborts dojo component having contributed with vault materials.
Fix Nova Drop disappearing for clients.
Fix Volt Shock chains not using correct energy colour.
Fix Volt Speed FX not using correct energy colour.
Fix Null Star not using correct energy colour
Fix for Corrupted Shield Drones not being targeted by Null Star.
Fixed the Glaive and Kestrels charged attacks so that they take into account any power stored in the weapon from mods such as Melee Channel.
Fix to Wormhole's destination offset.
Fixed the Seeker and Seeking Force mods so that their puncture amount increases with each level, instead of every other level.
Fixed clan emblems not appearing properly on Sentinels.
Fixed Corpus laser doors no longer activating after host migration.
Show the ClanHall recipe in UI, so clans can build more than one of these and increase capacity without increasing tier. The intent will be to allow all hall types for all tiers, this is a coming fix, disregard this note for now.
Fix for Sentinels getting into spammy state of ability use after a duel ends.
Fix for Sentinels getting spammy with their abilities as a result of faction changes.
Fix for objective indicator sometimes not appearing in correct location in some levels.
Fix missing up/down stat arrows when you purchase mod packs.

## Hotfix 9.1.5
**Date:** 2013-07-17T21:28:16Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
A wee Hotfix!
Fix for not being able to build Fang Prime or Orthos Prime in Foundry.
Fix for 10 different crash issues players were having.
Fix for Raptor Drop Rate issues.
Fix for Elite Lancer enemy type being too difficult.

## Hotfix 9.1.4
**Date:** 2013-07-16T21:32:47Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.1.3
**Date:** 2013-07-16T01:48:15Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.1.2
**Date:** 2013-07-15T23:55:48Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Gotta hotfix the hotfix!
Fix for Clan Contact list UI becoming perma-highlighted and unresponsive on hover of offline members.
Fix for Vampire Mode health degenerating too quickly to complete missions. Not working as intended.
Potential fix for those seeing negative resource values in their Clan dojo.

## Hotfix 9.1.1
**Date:** 2013-07-15T22:29:07Z | **Type:** Hotfix
## Hotfix 9.1
**Date:** 2013-07-13T07:47:57Z | **Type:** Hotfix
### Fixes
Simplified the vengeful Vor's scaling
he will no longer be quite as tough as he thought he was (less than level 100).
Swapped the old Foundry back in until we fix the recipe issues with the new version.
Fix for starchart camera moving around when dragging window chat.
Fix for resource material drops throughout solar system.
Fix for problem in tutorial where enemies were trying to sabotage the Lotus's guidance.
Fix for Dojos who had overcontributed and were in a locked state after scaling prices took effect.
Fix and swap for Nightmare Defense mode: mission is now 15 wave countdown aka NIghtmare Survival Defense.

## Update 9: Vor's Revenge
**Date:** 2013-07-13T01:52:41Z | **Type:** Update
### Fixes
ADDITIONS:
CHANGES:
Enabled Clan size caps. This cap is Phase One of making the shift to the new Alliance System. With this change also comes the new scaled resourced per Clan Tier . Please see this post to see where you and your clan fit in:
Added toggle for "gore" in Options Menu. Gore enabled by default.
Added friendly system message in EU Region Global chat reminding players to "take a break" every hour they play.
Changed a variety of blueprint recipes in the Marketplace.
Refined the tint options on the Burston, Viper, Gram, Furis, Afuris, Dera, Furax, and Boltor.
Revisions to Snipetron Vandal sounds.
Mobile Defense: Adjusted number of active enemies allowed during defense stages
more for solo & increase numbers slightly in stage 2 & 3 to make them more epic.
Enemies will storm the defense targets, which makes them much more aggressive towards it.
Improved sprint animations for throwing weapons movement set.
Prevent players from entering missions once a build update has been detected.
Improved color tinting on Ash's smoke armband—more subtle.
Mobile Defense - Release lockdown when going into a defense wave. NPC's abort running to panic button during defense wave.
Weapon skins selector now supports displaying more than 7 skins.
Added arrow trail to Dread projectiles.
Show Squad count when hovering over nodes.
Disabled mantle/wall run on decorative trees to prevent players from getting stuck in them.
Burston
damage and fire rate buff.
Dera
projectile speed increased (doubled flight speed).
Flux Rifle - damage and fire rate buff.
Lanka - damage and damage type (serrated) buff.
True Steel mod buff (doubled).
Pressure Point mod buff (20% base).
Reaper Prime buff - a bit more speed, damage, and charge damage.
Shield Lancers now use Grineer Viper instead of Tenno weapon.
Sniper Mods can now be applied to Lanka
Increased the drop rate for Control Modules, Alloy Plate, Neural Sensors, and Gallium.
FIXES:
Fixed Acrid DOT numbers not showing up on capture target, and death affect not replicating.
Fixed a case where exterminate missions could be left with non-zero enemy remaining count, but no enemies would spawn.
Fixed Rhino's Iron Skin being removed by other players causing damage to it.
Fixed ability effects for Nyx to be consistent on host/client both in terms of what is created and what colour it is.
Fixed Rescue mission from being completed without freeing the prisoner.
Fixed some reported navigation and cover issues AI were having in Grineer Defense.
Fixed Volt's Speed ability not making you jog faster.
Fixed player sliding issues.
Fixed host migration issue in Grineer Galleon Sabotage where the target would be missing after migration.
Fixed health regeneration in PvP dueling.
Fixes to prevent objective related triggers being re-enabled after host migration.
Fixed Volt's Shock ability to chain properly off turrets and cameras.
Fixed Supra
shots from the Supra will now correctly line up with the target reticule.
Fixed weapon attachments (Kunai/Despair holsters) that would detach from player while using a sniper rifle.
Fixed/removed off-hand flashlight when using Despair.
Fixed Capture target hostage AI not following player after host migration.
Fixed icon for default Frost helmet.
Fixed issue where Bladestorm would get "stuck" on clients.
Fixed various reported level issues (clipping, AI nav, level holes).
Various crash fixes.

## Hotfix 8.3.3
**Date:** 2013-07-09T17:43:28Z | **Type:** Hotfix

